Germaphobia

Author: secretomoact

*009*2022-02-07 17:45

Every year, students where Emmett lived had to undergo a series of standardized tests filled with multiple choice questions. The tests were awful, everyone knew, they were specifically designed to be as confusing as possible, filled with trick questions, and questions that were worded so poorly that they didn’t make any sense. The tests were less focused on testing what a student learned at school that year, and more focused on testing their ability to puzzle out what in the world it was even asking them to do in the first place.

There were also very strict rules when these tests were administered. Complete silence was needed at all times, and no one could leave the room for any reason until everyone in the entire building had finished their test. And that could easily last through the entire school day. This was, ostensibly, to prevent students talking about the test and possibly cheating. But, as Emmett wriggled in his chair, he thought that perhaps it was because the test was secretly also supposed to assess a student’s ability to hold their bladder.

The teachers and other administrative figures at the school always emphasized the importance of drinking plenty of water and eating a big breakfast before a testing day. Emmett had done that. For the first time in his life, he’d even had a cup of coffee because he’d been so stressed over the test that he’d barely slept. He’d never had coffee before, he’d always been worried that it would make his anxiety even worse than it already was. Surprisingly, it hadn’t. It had just made him feel more awake and alert and ready to take the dumb test.

If this was what coffee was gonna do to him though, he was never, ever going to drink it again. It had rushed through his body like greased lightning, pooling warm and heavy in his bladder. If he’d felt the sudden, panging need ripple through him earlier, then he would have given into it and made himself use the grody school toilets; He’d know it would have been impossible to hang onto all THIS until he was home. But, he hadn’t felt the urge until he was in the classroom and the tests were being handed out.

The need came out of nowhere, and was unfathomably intense considering he’d peed right before leaving his house. He’d heard that caffeine was a diuretic, and that it made a person need to go, but he hadn’t thought ONE cup would cause such an extreme reaction in him. It felt like all the seven seas were colliding against one another inside his bladder.

The test hadn’t actually started yet… Maybe there was still time? Emmett fought down his embarrassment and raised his hand. He could not keep this in all day. He knew he couldn’t do that. The teacher paused as she placed his test booklet onto his desk. Emmett wasn’t sure who she was, she wasn’t one of his teachers. “Yes?”

“May I please use the restroom?” Emmett requested, trying to keep his tone even in spite of the throbbing pain inside his body. “Since we haven’t actually started yet?”

“No,” the teacher said. “Other classrooms have started. No one can be wandering the halls and speaking with each other about the test.”

Emmett opened his mouth to protest. He wasn’t going to wander the halls, he was going to run for the nearest restroom and release his irritated, coffee-bloated bladder, then he was going to come straight back. And how could he talk to someone about a test he hadn’t even started taking yet? That made zero sense! But, the idea of saying anything confrontational, the idea possibly starting an argument— and with an authority figure, no less!— Sent shockwaves of fear through him that quickly made their ways down to his abdomen and clobbered his bladder. He tightened his thighs as he shifted. “Um… It’s… It’s real urgent,” he said softly.

“You should have gone before school,” the teacher said, swiftly walking on.

Emmett HAD gone before school! He just had to go again NOW. Right now! He was not looking forward to having to figure out the idiotic, stress-inducing test while his bladder pulsated and waves of pain streamed through his body.

Before the test began, the teacher gave a long spiel about the rules. Emmett had heard this speech a bunch of times. These tests came every year, and every year it was the same speech. The only rule he even heard being listed off was the one informing him that there were absolutely zero toilet breaks coming in his near future.

And that was why, now that the test had begun, a throbbing mess was sitting at one of the desks, jiggling up and down. The test consisted of a series of short passages each student had to read, with a handful of questions about each one to answer. The first story was total and complete nonsense. It was about a talking pineapple challenging a hare to a foot race. The other animals in the forest, consisting of a moose a crow and an owl, all believed the pineapple had some sort of trick up its sleeve and cheered it on. The pineapple, of course, did not move and lost the race. Then, all the animals ate it.

What.

Emmett turned the page to read the questions.

1. Why did the animals eat the talking pineapple?

A. They were annoyed

B. They were amused

C. They were hungry

D. They wanted to

2. Which animal was the wisest?

A. The hare

B. The moose

C. The crow

D. The owl

Emmett did not understand. He felt like he’d discovered a test straight out of a Twilight Zone episode and that if he thought about it much longer, his brain would melt out his ears. Perhaps it would be a little easier to figure out what in the world any of that was supposed to mean if he didn’t have to pee so badly? Well, he didn’t know if that would make the test easier, but he was pretty positive it would at least make him feel a lot better…

He crossed his legs at the ankles as he continued bouncing in his seat. It felt as though he hadn’t peed in days, when in reality he’d only just voided his bladder an hour ago! He didn’t understand the story he’d just read, and he didn’t understand the questions he had to answer about it. The only things he did understand were that he had to go to the restroom right now, and that he really hated coffee!

His hand seemed to have a mind of its own and he raised it once more.

The teacher came to his side, “I can’t assist you with—“

“May I please use the restroom?” Emmett asked. His feet were tapping, his legs still crossed. He needed to go so much…

“I already talked about this with you,” the teacher said. “You can’t leave this room.”

“Please?” Emmett repeated. His voice was cracking now, he wasn’t just asking now, he was begging. His eyes were wide and pleading. He couldn’t hold it until everybody in the school finished their tests. He was nearly wetting himself now!

“No,” the teacher said simply. “Stop asking.” And, with that, she walked away.

Emmett whimpered softly and he noticed the teacher giving him a sharp look from her desk. “Shhh!” she commanded.

That noise. Oh, that noise… It sounded too much like pee hitting a urinal. Emmett’s urethra stung and he wanted to cry, but he made himself go silent. Panic was building now. He felt so close to having an accident, and there were doubtless hours left until he would next get to visit a toilet.

He just guessed the answers to the stupid questions and moved onto the next passage. He read it quickly, but processed none of it. He read it again, and again the only thing his mind was able to hold onto were the continued, urgent signals from his bladder. Tears were actually running down his face then, his brain was clouded over with pain. The whole situation was not conductive to thinking, he was going to do just atrociously on this test.

A hand tucked itself between his legs, he was holding what must have been a gallon of hot, throbbing piss, and it all needed out right now! He rocked back and forth in his chair. He had to go. He had to go. He had to go! There was just so much liquid inside him. His lower abdomen was swollen, his skin felt hot and stretched out, all of his pelvic muscles pulsated in the massive effort to hold it back.

He couldn’t do this. He couldn’t take it. He was going to have an accident! His heart began to thrum harshly, making his ears ring. His lungs contracted almost as harshly as his bladder did. He was on the verge of hyperventilating. He was on the edge of pissing his pants and having a panic attack all at the same time while in a room full of his classmates. He would never live that down if it happened. He had to breathe. Just breathe. Get it together.

It was impossible to breathe, though. Inhaling made his bladder throb, and exhaling made trickles of liquid flow into his boxers. He made himself breathe anyway, clutching himself with both hands, the test totally forgotten; No way could he pass it now, not when his brain was filled with the white noise of desperation and absolutely nothing else. All he could focus on now was holding it in. Trying to hold it in, anyway. As he finally managed to even out his breathing, a long, long stream pulsed from his tip, and he squeaked as he felt it pooling warm and wet out between his thighs.

The teacher stood from her desk and stomped over to him. He allowed himself the faintest glimmer of hope, that she’d realized how big an emergency his need was and was about to let him go. That wasn’t it though, of course. “Be quiet,” she whispered sharply. “You are distracting everyone.”

“Please!” Emmett begged again, unable to control the volume of his voice. He was past the point where he could feel embarrassed by his pleading. He didn’t care if everyone around him could tell what was wrong with him. He’d do anything to avoid having an accident here. “Please, let m-m-me use the r-r-r-restroom?” The nerves he always felt when communicating were tripled under the strain of his need and he found it almost impossible to talk at all. “Please? I pr-pr-promise I won’t talk to anyone, I just n-need—“

“No,” she said. “We had this same conversation ten minutes ago. Stop asking me that question.”

That had only been ten minutes ago!? It felt like it had been ten hours! Emmett was shocked and scared by how much his urge had worsened in such a short amount of time. He wasn’t going to make it to the end of the day. He was barely keeping it in now! He could NOT make it the entire day! “A—At lunch?” He suggested. Making it the last couple hours to lunch wouldn’t be easy, either, but it at least didn’t sound completely impossible. Except, he knew that on testing days, everyone had to stay silent and not leave the cafeteria during lunch. There weren’t any toilets there. “C-Can I please go at lunch?”

“No,” the teacher said. “Now, stop asking. If you ask one more time, your test will be voided and you will be required to retake it.”

Emmett didn’t care about the test! He was going to fail it and need to retake it anyway! Right now, he just needed for something ELSE to get voided! “Okay,” he squeaked. “Just let me—“

“No,” the teacher interrupted. “You are not permitted to leave this room. Finish your test.”

She left Emmett then, left him to endure his misery. The world fell away, bit by bit, as his desperation sharpened itself to a fine point that made his pee-hole burn and sting. He tried as hard as he could to hold on, but drop after drop spurted into his boxers, making them damp. He barely managed to silence the whimper in his throat that would only serve to get him into trouble once more.

He squirmed and writhed every which way, fountains of sweat gushing down his back and forehead. He was going to pee his pants. He was going to do it. He really, really didn’t want to though. He considered standing up and just making a run for it, just ignoring the consequences that would surely follow such blatant disobedience. But, he couldn’t make himself do it. The ringing in his ears returned, the tightness in his chest came back. His heart pounded away as ferociously as his bladder was. His vision was dulling, going black around the edges, and as hard as he tried, he couldn’t slow his breathing.

He started to shake, the sweat covering his body now turning icy cold. He squeezed his eyes shut as tightly as his hands were squeezing onto his dick. The inhuman weight against his sphincters doubled as alarm bells rang off inside his head. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t think. He couldn’t do anything but endure the panic sailing through his body and causing him to completely hyperventilate and shudder. He could do nothing else.

And that included holding it.

It took him a moment to feel that through the haze and pain of his panic attack, but there it was; A harsh, warm jet of urine spraying out of his body.

He stood abruptly, still trying to catch his breath, still trying to settle his racing heart, still trying to see clearly and clear the dizziness from his vision… Still trying to please, please hold it! But, he couldn’t do any of those things. He couldn’t tear himself free from the clutches of his panic, and he couldn’t force his bladder to close itself back up.

“Hey!” The teacher snapped.

Emmett couldn’t say anything. He couldn’t speak, not when he couldn’t even breathe. His pee was still rushing down his leg, puddling at his feet. He heard it hissing, and his hands still kneaded themselves against his crotch, but that did no good. The black, cloudy static in his vision grew and grew, and the world spun along with it. He couldn’t see any of his classmates’ reactions clearly. Maybe that was a good thing, but he didn’t have it in him to be thankful to his stupid brain for making him have a panic attack while he pissed his pants at school. Nothing about this was anything to be thankful for. He felt nothing but misery, shame, fear and disgust.

He was disgusting. He was covering himself in his own bodily waste. He felt all the sticky, revolting warmth making his clothes grow heavy and sodden. He smelled the harsh stench of his pee. He was repulsive. He released an involuntary sob as his stream continued gushing, just one more thing he couldn’t hold back.

His pee was pouring so hard now, splattering onto the floor. As his heart finally stopped pounding and the ringing in his ears began to fade, Emmett realized that the only sounds in the entire room— And probably in the entire school— Were now those of his hissing pee and strained sobs.

When it finally stopped, after what felt like an entire year, the teacher snapped her fingers and pointed sharply at the door. “GO TO THE OFFICE,” she barked.

He cried harder then, hiccuping. Not only had he had a panic attack in front of his classmates all while peeing himself, now he was going to be in trouble for it. Tears were streaming down his red face, and even though his panic attack had concluded, he still couldn’t catch his breath past all the sobs.

Then, he heard another voice. “Oh?” Shelby asked. “So, you’ll let him leave the room now that it’s too late, huh?”

“Shhh, do your work.”

“No, this is bullshit!” Shelby said. Shelby was usually so laid back, but when something made her mad, it made her really, REALLY mad. Her anger could be a sight to behold, always filled with intense language, and sometimes crossing into destructive behavior before the episode finally cleared. She stood. “Apologize to my brother right now!”

Emmett still couldn’t cease the flow of his tears any more than he’d been able to cease the flow of his urine, but when Shelby claimed relation to him even as he stood there soaked in pee, he felt a little better.

“You know what?” the teacher asked. “You can join him. Go to the office.”

“Gladly!” Shelby said. She began to stomp towards the door. She turned to Emmett. “Come on,” she said softly. If Emmett had been anyone else, he would have been shocked by how she could go from shouting, cursing fury to soft kindness so quickly. He followed her out.

“Emmett, I’m so sorry,” Shelby said. “She’s a bitch, the rules are shit, the tests are something even lower than shit, and—“

Emmett hiccuped out another sob.

“Come here…” Shelby said, opening her arms.

“But… But I’m…” Emmett choked out. He felt even grosser now that his pee had cooled off. It was clammy and sticky and made his heavy, wet pants cling to his legs.

“I don’t care,” Shelby said, pulling him in for a hug.

He melted against her as he allowed himself to come completely undone once more. He sobbed so hard his body shook and he began to taste his salty tears in his mouth. He just kept crying and crying as Shelby held him tightly. “I’ve got you,” she said. “It’s okay. You’re okay.”

Once Emmett had gotten himself together again well enough to walk, they headed towards the office. The principal ushered them in, demanding to know why he’d gotten a call about them causing a disturbance during such an important test.

Emmett tried to explain, but it just made him start crying again and nothing he said was the least bit comprehensible. Shelby tried to explain, but got too animated and forgot that cursing in front of the school principal was a bad idea.

The principal called their Dad, explaining that Emmett had had an accident and that Shelby had been insubordinate, meaning both of them needed to go home. They would be required to retake the test on Saturday.

Emmett figured maybe he’d actually be able to pass it if he didn’t have to worry about holding his pee the whole time too… But, that thought only served to remind him of how he’d totally humiliated himself, and his tears began anew.

They waited on the bench outside the office, Emmett trying to shield his wet pants even though no one was around to see.

Dad arrived a little while later, obviously annoyed that he’d needed to leave work early to deal with whatever trouble they’d gotten themselves into. His anger seemed to evaporate slightly when he noticed the state of Emmett’s clothes. He hadn’t realized when the principal had said Emmett had an accident, that he meant he’d had an… ‘accident’. What in the world? Emmett was WAY too old for this to still be a problem. He hadn’t even peed himself in Kindergarten! Why now!? “What happened?” he asked.

Emmett tried once more to explain. He tried to explain the coffee, and how he’d asked to be excused before the test. How he’d begged to be excused over and over for the next hour and how he just hadn’t been able to wait anymore. How hard he’d tried to keep it in. How sorry and disgusted he felt that he couldn’t. “And your sister?”

“She yelled ‘bullshit’ at the teacher and told her to apologize to me,” Emmett whimpered out.

“… Okay,” Dad said. He didn’t want to say that ‘bullshit’ was actually the perfect way to describe how that teacher had behaved. Even if that WAS exactly what he thought, it still wouldn’t be good to encourage Shelby to swear at teachers. “So, this is school policy? No toilet breaks on test days?”

“Y—Yeah, it’s always been that way,” Emmett said. “J—Just normally I can… Normally I can hold it all day…”

“Okay, hold on,” Dad said. He entered the principal’s office, and for a few minutes Emmett and Shelby overheard muffled shouting, but couldn’t make out what was being said. Shortly after the room fell quiet, the door opened and Dad came back out. “Alright, so if you have to go when you retake your test this weekend, they’re definitely going to let you,” he informed. “Don’t worry about anything like that happening ever again.”

*011*2022-02-08 17:31

Emmett had been expecting to be teased a whole lot after having had such a dramatic accident in front of his class. He was utterly terrified to go to school the next day, thinking that everyone there would laugh at him and mock him from the instant he set foot inside. But, that didn’t end up happening.

A few of his classmates even asked him if he was okay, agreeing that the teacher monitoring the tests had been needlessly cruel to him. Nova had been in a different room at the time of the incident, but had heard what happened, and she was the most concerned of all. That was a relief because he’d been scared she was going to break up with him now that he apparently couldn’t even keep his pants dry. She kept telling him it wasn’t his fault, anyone would have had an accident in that situation.

The only person that picked on Emmett for his accident was, naturally, Devon. “I always knew you were a baby,” Devon said. “Didn’t realize it was so literal.” He called Emmett all sorts of names throughout that first day, and the next day Emmett arrived at school to find Devon had taped a diaper to the door of his locker. Emmett had to try very, very hard not to cry then.

He told himself that Devon was just one person, one person out of the whole school was making fun of him for this. Everyone else was either sympathetic or just didn’t care. One jerk shouldn’t have mattered.

But, it did matter to Emmett.

The taunts and jeers from Devon made Emmett overly self-conscious about his bladder’s needs. He started to doubt his ability to hold it for long stretches of time, in spite of doing so without issue hundreds of times before. He knew he could last through an entire school day without a pee because he DID that most days, but having someone constantly snicker at him and ask him if he was ‘still dry’ made Emmett keep feeling like he was losing control of himself, even when he knew no urine was making its way into his clothes.

Sometimes, Emmett would feel like he didn’t have to go much at all, then Devon would start in on him and he’d begin to doubt himself. He’d doubt himself so much and run through so many potential disasters in his head that he’d start to feel like he really, really needed the restroom, even if he knew there was very little liquid actually in his bladder. He knew that these were phantom urges, not real emergencies. But, they still felt real and would leave him squirming in his seat and waiting for whatever class he was in to end.

But, then it would get worse. Devon would follow him out of the classroom, keeping uncomfortably close to him all the way down the hall. When Emmett tried to enter the nearest men’s room to take care of his urge, Devon would stand in the opened doorway and block Emmett’s way in. “Why don’t you just piss your pants again?” he’d ask.

Emmett’s hand would feel filthy and disease ridden after touching the door to the restroom, making him even more eager to go inside so he could wash it off after he’d peed. But, Devon was so much bigger than Emmett, and Emmett was so frightened of him. He couldn’t even try to force his way past him to get to the toilet and sink he needed.

Devon was so enthralled by this little game that now Emmett absolutely never peed at school, even when it was a real emergency. He also couldn’t get into the restrooms to wash his hands either, which made him feel panicky and tetchy all day. Emmett absolutely could not bring himself to eat without first sanitizing his hands, and since Devon wouldn’t let him near the sinks, that meant he couldn’t eat all day either.

Emmett hoped Devon would grow bored of it soon, because having to spend every day feeling hungry, dirty and desperate for the toilet was really miserable. At the end of every day, Emmett would eagerly rush off the school bus, hurry into his house and run straight for the toilet to relieve the bladder which Devon’s taunts had encouraged to fill itself to the brim, then get in the shower to scrub himself clean before finally heading for the kitchen to devour an entire bag of chips.

The last class of the day was always the worst, he’d stare at the clock, feeling his skin crawling with germs as his stomach growled with ravenous hunger and his bladder throbbed with gallons of piss.

Eventually, Shelby figured out something must have been wrong. It wasn’t TOO unusual for Emmett to desperately run to the toilet after school since he only relieved himself there if he was on the verge of an accident. It also wasn’t all that out of the ordinary for him to want to shower as soon as he got home from somewhere. But, it WAS strange that he wasn’t eating all day.

At first she thought he was doing some sort of intense and likely misguided diet, which she didn’t really understand since he was already pretty skinny. But, since he’d come home and immediately gorge on junkfood snacks she figured that weight watching wasn’t something he was focusing on. So, the tenth day she saw her brother shoving handfuls of salt and vinegar chips into his mouth after skipping lunch at school, she asked what the deal was.

Emmett swallowed. “What do you mean?”

“I mean you aren’t eating at school ever,” Shelby said. “I thought you were trying to lose weight— Which you totally don’t have to worry about, but if you really wanted to get in better shape there’s better ways than just skipping mea—“

“I’m not dieting,” Emmett said.

“Then what is it?”

Emmett put another chip into his mouth, chewed and swallowed before answering. “I can’t eat if I don’t wash my hands first,” he said.

“Yeah, I’m aware.”

“And, I can’t wash my hands at school now,” Emmett said. “Because ever since the day I… The day with the test, Devon’s been picking on me and won’t let me into the restrooms.”

Shelby had heard Devon taunting Emmett a few times and had shouted at him to knock it off. But, she hadn’t known about this part. “Asshole,” she said.

“Yeah,” Emmett agreed. “So, I have to hold it all day, even on days when I have to go super badly, and I can’t feel clean ever.”

“You have your hand sanitizer with you all the time,” Shelby said.

“That’s okay some of the time,” Emmett said. “But, I need hot water to feel really clean.”

“You should tell someone what he’s doing,” Shelby said. “You need to have access to a restroom.”

“I can’t,” Emmett said. “If I tell, it will get worse.”

“Fine,” Shelby said. “I’ll walk with you next time you need to get in there and kick his ass if he tries to start something.”

“No!” Emmett exclaimed. That was even worse! If he got his sister to fight this battle for him, then Devon would only tease him more!

“Well, you can’t just do nothing,” Shelby said.

But, that was exactly what Emmett kept doing. He just kept on as he was, not peeing, not washing his hands, not eating, hoping that eventually Devon would get bored of this and leave him be.

Then, there came a day that Emmett couldn’t just do nothing and wait for Devon to move on.

It was was during Phys Ed, on a day in which the students had to run two laps around the lake that sat behind the school building. They were also required to drink a couple bottles of water first to stay hydrated. Those bottles went right through Emmett, and mixed with the rippling of the lakewater beside him, his bladder began to cramp and throb with a vengeance after the first lap.

It felt like he was trying to run and carry an overly-full glass of water in his hands the entire time. If he didn’t make each step as steadily and carefully as he could, the glass would spill. And, if it spilled, it would run in a shameful stream down his legs in front of everyone!

Partway through the second lap, he couldn’t run anymore. He had to take tiny, stilted steps, half hunched over with the desire to let out all that water. Even though his gait had slowed to a crawl, he was now sweating much more than he had been while actually running. He was drenched in it, he felt it rolling down his back and face and he felt his body heating up painfully. Soon, he realized he was the only one that still hadn’t finished the final lap. He told himself that maybe he could get a pass to visit the restroom after this, then Devon wouldn’t be able to follow after him. He could pee.

The sooner he finished the lap, the sooner he could get to a urinal. Emmett picked up the pace, making the sloshing ball of tension in his core slosh and bounce up and down, he felt dribbles rolling down his leg and had to fight back tears of embarrassment and disgust at the feeling. ‘Hold on,’ he told himself. ‘Just a little further…’

Finally, he’d done it. He’d completed the second lap at last. It was over. He saw the coach, Ms. Reynolds waiting off to the side a little further down the pathway and started to move towards her faster than he had moved all day.

He overheard a couple of the girls in his class talking. “I’m bored, let’s get out of here,” the first said.

“Sure,” her friend replied.

Even though Emmett was moving as fast as he could without prompting an accident, they managed to reach the coach before he did. “Can we go use the toilet?” one of them asked.

“No,” Ms. Reynolds responded. “You should have gone before class.”

“But… We’re having cramps,” the second girl said. “It’s that time of—“

“Oh, go ahead then,” said Ms. Reynolds.

Emmett overheard this and started to get worried. It sounded like the coach did not want to give out bathroom passes, and he didn’t think he could get away with the same excuse those girls had just used. Still, Emmett stayed where he was, desperately shuffling on his feet and squirming his hips as the girls walked back towards the school. He hurried forward as soon as they were gone. “M—Miss,” he stuttered. “May I pl—please use the restroom? Please?” He so rarely asked to use the restroom during class, so maybe she’d be able to tell it really was an emergency.

Ms. Reynolds just rolled her eyes though. “You should have gone during break,” she said.

“B—But… I r—really need to… That was so much water…” Emmett tried to explain, twisting his hands up around each other as he fought not to put them between his legs instead.

“No one else is having this problem,” Ms. Reynolds said. “They all drank as much as you. You either didn’t run hard enough out there to work up a sweat, or you haven’t been using your break time responsibly.”

“I— I promise I’ll be really fast,” Emmett said softly, lifting one foot off the ground after the other. Panic was building in his chest, the awful ringing alarm bells were beginning to fire through his brain again, assaulting his ear drums the same way they had the day he’d wet his pants. His heart was beating hard from the memory, from how close he felt to doing it again. “M—Miss, I—I’m s—sorry. R—Really. I just really need the restroom.”

“No,” Ms. Reynolds repeated. “You should have gone before class, there’s no excuse for this.”

“B—But—“

“Enough,” she ordered. “Go wait with the rest of the class.”

Ms. Reynolds led the class back towards the school and into the gym. Emmett was so scared. He was barely holding on by a thread when he was just trying to walk. If he had to do something more physical, he was sure he’d lose it. He was trying not to cry as he realized he was going to wet himself in front of everyone yet again. Devon was never gonna leave him alone now.

Once they were in the gym, Ms. Reynolds announced that everyone had to find a partner because they were about to do some crunches. Emmett fought back his panic when he heard that, knowing that the exercise would absolutely demolish his bladder and cause all the urine within it to shoot right out, like someone crushing a juice box in their fist. Emmett was looking around, trying to find someone he thought might cover for him and not make him do the exercise when he was so close to an accident. But, Shelby and Nova both had gym during a different time of the day.

Devon, however, did take gym with Emmett.

And Devon most definitely was NOT going to leave Emmett alone. Before Emmett knew it, Devon was beside him and announcing that he was going to be his partner. Emmett tried to protest, but then Ms. Reynolds was blowing her whistle and shouting that everyone had to get started.

Devon brought Emmett to one of the exercise mats that had been set up. Emmett hesitated at the sight of it, trying to determine if it had ever been washed. He didn’t think it had. It was no doubt covered in crusty, dried sweat and other substances that he didn’t want touching his skin. And, if he didn’t figure out a way to get out of doing these crunches, it was going to be covered in something else soon too.

“You go first,” Devon said.

Emmett twisted his feet towards each other, his hips swaying. He was already sweating like he was trapped in an overheating sauna and he hadn’t even started exercising yet! “N—No, that’s okay…” he said, trying to steady his breathing.

“Wow,” Devon said. “You must be really out of shape if just THINKING about exercise is making you get out of breath.”

Emmett didn’t reply. A gush of pee shot from his tip and wetted the front of his boxers and his thighs slammed together as he tried to plug his opening closed.

“Oh, or are you too much of a scared, little baby to lay down on the mat?” Devon asked. “Seriously, your greatest fear is of TOUCHING things, you don’t even deserve to call yourself a man.”

Emmett still didn’t say anything. He felt tears pricking the backs of his eyes again though. Emmett knew his fears were irrational better than anyone else did. He didn’t need Devon to point it out to him and taunt him over it.

Ms. Reynolds blew her whistle, “Get started, everyone!” she shouted pointedly.

‘I can’t…’ Emmett thought, trying not to let the tears fall. He was sure his eyes were big and shining now, but he was determined not to break down and cry for real. ‘If I do that, I’ll pee…’

“You heard the lady,” Devon said. “Lay down now.”

Emmett tried to speak again, but then Devon gave him a push. Emmett lost his footing for a second, and a spurt of pee along with it. He regained control over his bladder a moment later, but knew he couldn’t handle another shove, so he laid himself down on the mat.

Laying down and staring up at the ceiling with his knees bent made Emmett more aware of the way the skin of his abdomen stretched to cover the firm, round shape of his full bladder. His legs wriggled around as much as they could and his hands fluttered all around his midsection, yearning to grip hold of his crotch and never let go.

“Hands behind your head,” Devon said. “Don’t you know how to do this?”

“I do,” Emmett said. “But, I—“

“Then do it, idiot.” Devon said.

Emmett’s vision grew more blurry and he was scared the tears had started to fall as he put his hands where they were supposed to go. He shouldn’t have been so upset by the pitiful insult, but he was. The mat felt so grody, just being on it made Emmett want to claw a layer of his own skin away. He needed a urinal in the worst way, and he could feel a drop forming at the edge of his trembling urethra already, barely held back by the force of his willpower alone. And, Devon was just so mean for no reason and he was watching Emmett’s every move. It was too much.

“Okay, do it,” Devon said.

Emmett tried. But, the instant he raised his upper body even the tiniest fraction of a centimeter, two tons of pressure slammed onto his bladder like a boulder being dropped on him from above. The drop he’d barely been holding back soaked into his pants, followed by a longer spurt. He dropped himself back down. “N—Nnnh!”

“What was that?!” Devon asked through a snort. “Is that really the best you can do?”

Emmett was positive the tears were flowing now. He felt them rolling down his cheeks. He told himself to do it again, but he couldn’t even work up the nerve to try. If he did, it would be like cranking on a faucet full-blast. He’d pee and pee and pee all over himself, the mat, and probably the floor beneath it too.

“Here, I’ll help you steady yourself,” Devon then proceeded to place his hand firmly onto Emmett’s lower abdomen. In an instant, two things happened; Emmett realized that Devon definitely knew what was actually bothering him, and Emmett let out a long, hissing spurt into his boxers that likely left a damp spot, and was certainly loud enough for Devon to hear. He noticed the corner of Devon’s mouth turn upwards.

“I can’t—!” Emmett squeaked, wriggling uncontrollably beneath the intense, mounting pressure of Devon’s hand.

“Can’t what?” Devon asked.

Emmett tried to get back up, but Devon just pressed his hand more firmly into him. “Can’t wait…” he whimpered, more tears trickling, more pee flowing.

“Wait for what?”

Emmett knew that Devon already knew what he couldn’t wait for perfectly well. But, maybe if he said it Devon would leave him alone? Maybe that’s all Devon wanted? An admission that he couldn’t wait? “T-To pee…”

“Ohhh,” Devon said loudly, raising his voice several octaves. Emmett noticed their classmates turning to look over. “So, you can’t wait to pee.”

Emmett felt himself burning hot, almost choked out a sob as he tried to get up again.

“You’re going to have an accident,” Devon added even louder, adding more pressure to Emmett’s bladder.

“Pl—Please stop that,” Emmett begged.

“If you can do five crunches, I’ll stop,” Devon said.

Emmett tried to do that, but he couldn’t even raise his upper body a tiny bit without his urethra trying to transform itself into a water gun. He managed one, and as he set himself back down he sprung a leak. He did another, and it felt like something inside his body was being torn into pieces. One more, and the pain was making him cry. “I can’t…”

“You—“

Ms. Reynolds blew her whistle; “Switch!” she announced, and Emmett’s tears went from anguished to relieved.

Devon reluctantly removed his hand from Emmett’s abdomen and allowed him to get up. Emmett did so gratefully, he felt a little less close to exploding when he was standing up. But, he couldn’t stop shifting from foot to foot, swaying in place and repeatedly palming his crotch when strong spasms of need pinched at him.

Emmett couldn’t take it anymore. “W—Wait here,” he said, and he stumbled to Ms. Reynolds again. “I—I know you s—said earlier that I c—can’t— But…May I pl—please use the restroom n—now?” he managed. He didn’t understand how anyone could be cruel enough to deny him now, he was twisted up like a poorly constructed pretzel, holding himself and actually crying.

“No,” Ms. Reynolds said. “I already told you. And your partner needs you to count for them. Go back.”

Emmett wanted to fight it, he wanted to say “But I’m gonna have an accident!” but the words remained locked behind his clenched teeth as he limped and hobbled back to Devon.

“Awww, poor wittle Emmett,” Devon sarcastically cooed. “Can’t hold his pee-pee long enough to make it to the potty, can he? No he can’t, no he can’t! Emmett’s gonna make a tinkle in his pants, isn’t he? Oh, yes he is!”

Emmett couldn’t unclench his jaw enough to talk. He felt like if he relaxed any muscles anywhere in his body, he’d pee.

Devon proceeded to do several crunches, snickering a bit at Emmett’s misfortune between each one. “This is how a real man does crunches,” Devon informed.

Emmett didn’t bother keeping count for him. Emmett didn’t think he could even remember HOW to count right now if he tried. It was difficult to keep a single thought in his head, the only things that existed any more were his painfully bloated bladder and the urine swishing around inside of it and searching for a way out. He was going to explode.

He just kept bouncing in place, clutching himself and pacing tiny steps back and forth until Ms. Reynolds finally blew her whistle again and said they were dismissed for the day. Emmett was the first one out the door, moving as briskly as he could even as his swift movements caused more and more pee to glide down his legs. He had to get to the nearest restroom before Devon did, then he’d dart into the first stall and lock himself safely inside. Then, even if Devon followed him in, he’d at least have access to a toilet.

Miraculously, he managed to reach the restroom before Devon had caught up with him. But, Emmett knew his tormenter could not be far behind, he hurried inside and into a stall, noisily slamming the lock into place. He was safe now. He was protected within the walls of the stall, and best of all there was a toilet right there, free for him to use to his heart’s content. He moved one trembling hand off of his dick, allowing the other to squeeze it a few seconds longer before he tugged down his zip.

Before he could aim himself properly, there was a loud slam of fists against the door to his stall. It made him jump and begin peeing uncontrollably onto the floor, splashing so forcefully that it managed to wet his shoe before he corrected the trajectory and got it flowing into the toilet bowl where it belonged. “Gah!” he exclaimed, both from the awful shock of the moment, and from the absolutely revolting knowledge that his own piss had sloshed onto his shoe.

He’d yelped a bit loudly, loud enough that his cry was heard over the torrential downpour currently erupting from his bladder and slamming into the water in the toilet.

Another slam came then, but Emmett was less started. He was going too loose to feel startled, all of the muscles inside him that had been pulled taut like rubber bands were slackening as his bladder deflated. “Ahhh…”

Then, came Devon’s voice; “Did wittle Emmett make it to the big boy potty?”

Emmett didn’t reply. He knew he’d feel embarrassed once he was finished, but for now he just wanted to enjoy how good this felt. Because, wow did this ever feel good… He was barely even able to keep track of what was going on outside his stall. The moment he’d aimed and had stopped fighting the inevitable, a wave of relief had washed over him and he let the sweet satisfaction carry him away. He exhaled loudly once more, “Phew…” As more time passed, instead of slowing down, his stream only continued to build in intensity.

Vaguely, he could hear Devon still talking. “That’s disgusting,” Devon said. “How can you be pissing like that for so long? You have something wrong with you.”

Emmett had no idea why he said what he said next, he knew it was asking for trouble, and he knew that this was an absolutely nauseating thing to take pride in… He didn’t know why he thought replying to Devon was a good idea. All he did know was that his bladder still felt pretty tight and full, it didn’t even feel half-empty yet, and in a moment of inspiration, he remembered the words of his bully and coolly replied “This is how a real man pees.”

There was yet another slamming of fists against the stall door, and Emmett knew he’d managed to strike a nerve. That knowledge made him feel even more pleasure than the relief still flowing out of him was making him feel.

“No, Emmett, you’re not a real man. You’re just a freak. And, it’s no wonder you always think things are contaminated, your own body’s a fucking bio-hazard carrying so much piss around all the time!”

Emmett didn’t know which stung more, the insult about his germ fears or the fact that, in one fell swoop, Devon had placed himself above Emmett once more. Devon laughed loudly at his own mediocre joke, then went quiet, but Emmett knew he was still there. Just standing right outside the stall and listening to him gush out more and more and more pee in a never-ending stream that now felt shameful instead of triumphant.

Emmett finished up about a minute later, he shivered a little as his stream met its end, which only served to make him feel worse. He zipped up and turned around, knowing he was going to have to open the stall eventually to go to his next class, and knowing that Devon would be right there on the other side of it.

After a few more seconds spent trying to prepare himself, he opened the door and tried to step around Devon whom was blocking his path. “Let me through,” he requested softly. “Please.”

“Okay, freak,” Devon said.

Emmett wordlessly headed for the sinks. It was the first time he’d been able to wash his hands off all day, and he was eager to get some of the germs from the nasty gym mats off of himself. He cranked the water on as hot as it would go, and scrubbed the soap into his skin even harder than he usually would, Devon’s comment from earlier ringing in his ears ‘Your body’s a fucking bio-hazard, freak.’

*012*2022-02-09 17:45

Collective punishment was never fair. Making everyone suffer for the misdeeds of a few people was just plain cruel. However, this practice was one of the favorites employed by Emmett’s school. Following an incident where one of the restrooms was badly ransacked and vandalized, with graffiti sprayed on the walls and mirrors broken, it was decided that they would be locked for the better part of each day, only opened during a brief, select time period during which someone would monitor students going in and out.

The issue was that people’s bodies didn’t work like that. They couldn’t make themselves only need to pee during that brief window of time during which it was now permissible. For example, Shelby typically had a big glass of water before school and would badly need to go after second period. But, the restrooms were locked until after sixth. The first day of this new policy proved awful for her, there had been zero warning given to students that the toilets were about to be off-limits for most of the day, and she’d only barely made it through without an accident.

When the toilets were locked off, so too were the sinks. So, Emmett was still forced to endure entire school days without being able to properly cleanse his hands. Sixth period also occurred after lunch, so Emmett was still unable to eat until after he’d gotten home. Emmett tried to focus on the one positive the situation had brought; since the restrooms were being monitored, that meant that when they finally were open for use, Emmett could get to one without Devon being able to block him or torment him in any way under the watchful eye of the school staff.

But, the bad far outweighed the good. Not only did Emmett still not have proper access to soap and hot water, now when the time finally came that the restrooms were available, the lines for them were enormous. On days when Emmett knew that he couldn’t make it until he got home, he’d find himself twisting and squirming in the massive line, mentally begging for it to move faster as the hard boulder of his bladder began to split and crack. He wasn’t the only one dancing around in urgency, of course. Everyone ahead of him would be dying to go as well, and everyone behind him too. He was just one desperate person among many whom were just as bad off as he was.

Across the hallway, the women’s room line would be even worse. He felt bad for Shelby and Nova having to deal with that. Emmett was barely able to handle the shorter line for the men’s room without leaking, if he’d had to wait in the even longer one he was sure he’d find himself standing in very wet pants. He’d noticed Nova and Shelby standing in those lines, both doubled over and pink in the face with need. While he was sure he looked much the same, he still felt awful for them because he knew they were going to be stuck waiting even longer than he was.

Emmett was surprised there hadn’t been any accidents yet.

That would change about a week after the awful new policy was implemented.

That day, Emmett didn’t know what he’d done wrong, but he had to pee so badly it felt like urine was about to spill out of his nose. He didn’t know why he was having such an absolute emergency, ever since the implementation of the asinine new toilet rules, he’d been extremely careful with how much he had to drink before school each morning. He’d also been waiting until the last possible second to take his morning pee before leaving the house, trying to ensure his bladder was as empty as it could possibly get.

But, even with those precautions taken, by the start of sixth period— the last hour he’d have to suffer through before the restrooms would be open— He felt like there was about a ninety percent chance he’d piss his pants. He wanted to beg his teacher— The one for this class was usually so nice to him— to allow him relief somehow, but knew it wouldn’t work. This wasn’t her policy. She couldn’t change it for him. No matter how much he needed it.

He took his seat beside Nova and instantly his knees took to frantic bouncing. When his knee knocked into hers, Emmett realized Nova wasn’t doing much better than he was. “S—Sorry,” Emmett whispered to her.

“It’s okay,” Nova said. “I understand. Believe me,” she added miserably.

Emmett tried not to notice the way she was jiggling in her chair, the way her hand was tucked and pressed between her legs. He felt so embarrassed squirming around like he was covered in fleas in front of her, and knew she must have felt similarly doing the same in front of him.

This was so unfair. Emmett hadn’t had anything to do with the vandalism. He should be allowed to pee. He was certain Nova hadn’t taken part in it, either, so why should she be forced to go through this? To distract himself from his awful need to use the toilet, Emmett tried brainstorming ways to fix the problem. But, it wasn’t like he could just go to the principal and tell him this was an awful, stupid thing to do to people. He’d never been able to handle confrontation without breaking out in a cold sweat and forgetting how to breathe. Shelby was more suited for that… But, she didn’t really know how to present an argument in a respectful way. She was more likely to just insult the principal and make him more unwilling to change the rule.

Soon, Emmett could no longer dwell on possible solutions to the situation. All he could dwell on was the here and now. And, right now, he had to pee so badly that he could barely breathe. He was taking in tiny, little puffs of air. Breathing deeply placed pressure onto his bladder and made it scream to be released, not caring that he was in the middle of a classroom. He’d already leaked once. His legs alternated between bouncing uncontrollably and banging against one another. He crossed them, uncrossed them, recrossed them, begging his bladder to hold it together a while longer. A tiny squeak of surprise fell from his lips as he felt a jet of pee soak the crotch of his boxers. He bounced frantically in his chair, pressing both hands against his dick as he struggled to plug up the leak. He managed to stem the tide, but the massive ocean of liquid was still pleading to be released as it pushed forcefully against the tiny ring of muscle that held it at bay.

This repeated a few times. He’d begin to pee, clench with all his might, recover, and a few minutes later another spurt would wet his cooling pants.

The teacher talked at the class for a few minutes, but Emmett heard nothing of it. He doubted anyone else did either. Eventually, they were instructed to discuss the book they were reading with their neighbor, but that wasn’t what Nova and Emmett talked about at all. They instead talked about how idiotic the new policy was, how the school should have just tried to find the person that was actually responsible for the vandalism and punish them instead of torturing literally everyone.

Emmett was trying very, very hard not to squirm and dance in his chair with Nova watching him. He remembered the day at the mall, how she’d said that she thought his little pee-dance was actually cute, but… She had probably just been saying that to make him feel better, right? He didn’t think anybody could possibly find what he was doing now attractive. He was sweaty, panting heavily and jiggling so much he looked like he was vibrating.

He was also trying very, very hard not to pay attention to Nova’s fidgeting. He couldn’t help but notice it though. He was looking at her every time she said something to him, and so there was no way to avoid watching as she jiggled up and down in her seat. There was no way to ignore the pink blush on her cheeks or the way her hands kept tugging at the bottom of her shirt uncomfortably. Seeing someone who was usually so calm compared to him suddenly become so jittery was hard not to take note of… Up until this vandalism fiasco, Emmett actually hadn’t ever seen Nova needing to go really bad, he didn’t think. It was not as though he kept track of that sort of thing, but he could not recall ever seeing her so squirmy.

“Are you going to be okay?” Nova asked him.

Emmett blushed. He’d been under no illusion that Nova had somehow been unable to tell he had to pee, but it was still embarrassing to have her bring it up like that… “I—I hope so,” he managed. He wanted to ask her the same question, but felt too awkward to get the words out.

The bell rang. At last!

“Finally…” Nova sighed out, and Emmett turned away from her as she stood, only catching the way she doubled over on herself the instant she was out of her seat through the corner of his eye.

Emmett gingerly got to his feet, maintaining his fraying control of his bladder. He took minced, contorted steps from the room, noting that several of his classmates were doing the same. By the time he reached the door to the men’s room he’d been fantasizing about for what felt like days, the line was already horrendously long! He found himself stepping into place behind several other bursting guys that were swaying on their feet and praying for the line to move faster. Emmett swore the line was longer today than ever before. He didn’t know if he could make it.

As a couple guys emerged, pink faced and relieved, from the restroom, Emmett concentrated all his might on holding it. It was going to be a while before he had his turn at one of the urinals, so he needed to do whatever he could to wait until then. He didn’t feel TOO embarrassed to be jumping from foot to foot, winding his legs together, or even openly holding himself anymore. Everyone in line with him was doing the same thing. But, no matter how experienced Emmett was at this particular dance, it wasn’t enough to make him stop dribbling. Every few seconds almost, it seemed a few errant drops would escape his over-stretched bladder. He’d feel his damp crotch suddenly go warm again as he continued to pinch his opening, and it would fill him with panic that today was going to be the day; The day he had another total accident at school.

He glanced across the hall at the line for the women’s room, hoping Nova was okay. He spotted her, jiggling in the middle of the line. Her legs were wound together much as his were, and both her hands were cupped beneath her skirt. She had the most pained expression on her face that Emmett thought he’d ever seen on anybody. Her eyes were scrunched shut, her teeth were gritted, her cheeks were flushed bright pink.

Flushed. Ohhhh, Emmett should NOT have thought that word! He gripped himself tighter as a fresh spurt of pee forced its way past his barriers.

“Ohhh! Come on!” Emmett heard a familiar voice shout.

He looked back up. Shelby had just come down the hall and was now stuck at the very end of the line. The sight of her made his chest clench. She seemed noticeably more desperate than anyone ahead of her. She almost looked like she was about to start crying, and he felt awful. It was such an unfair situation. His poor sister looked like she was about to pee her pants at school like a Kindergarten student! Like Nova, Shelby was usually pretty laid back compared to Emmett, but it was somehow less strange for him to see her jumping up and down, dying for the toilet. Maybe just because they’d grown up together. He’d seen her desperate to pee lots of times, particularly whenever he took too long in the shower.

Emmett continued swaying in line for a few minutes. Every so often he’d have to endure the sound of a toilet or urinal being flushed, and he’d have to clench his thighs as hard as he could to keep himself from losing any more spurts than he already had. He very nearly tapped the guy in front of him, trying to work up the nerve to beg for permission to cut ahead before he exploded, but he froze up at the mere thought of doing that. His ability to speak evaporated like he wished the liquid in his bladder would.

As he tried again to persuade himself to ask, he felt a tap on his own shoulder and jumped. A single drop of liquid snaked down his urethra and bloomed warmly in his boxers.

“Let me cut,” a voice said.

Emmett cringed as he made himself turn around, stamping his feet in place involuntarily. Devon had gotten into line behind him. Emmett still could not find his voice. Devon’s hips were twisting with clear desperation, and one hand was shoved into his pocket, obviously in an attempt to discreetly grip his dick. Yet, even though his bully was pee-dancing in front of him and obviously in a vulnerable position, Emmett was still frightened of him.

Emmett knew that if Devon cut ahead of him, he wouldn’t make it in time. It was a toss-up if he was going to be able to get through the line at all, he absolutely couldn’t manage waiting through an extra person! He shook his head back and forth quickly.

“Don’t be an idiot, you’ve already pissed your pants once,” Devon said. “What’s it matter if you do it again?”

“I… I have already been waiting a while…” Emmett said softly. “I’m sorry, I’ll try and be fast when it’s my turn. I promise.”

“Not good enough,” Devon said. “Let me through.”

Emmett refused to budge, and with the hall monitor observing the line, he felt safe that Devon would not try to shove him out of the way or grip and twist his arm painfully until he either pissed his pants or gave in.

“Now,” Devon hissed out, and Emmett couldn’t tell if his teeth were clenching just in anger or out of desperation.

Again, Emmett shook his head. “I’m sorry,” he said. “If I didn’t… If I didn’t… Need it so much, I’d let you go first, but I just—“

“I don’t care if you can’t hold it,” Devon said. “It’s not my fault you have a weak bladder. I have to go, now move.”

Emmett was confused. Surely, if Devon needed to cut so bad, then that meant HIS bladder was the weaker one, right? Unless, he didn’t actually have to pee that badly and was just trying to make Emmett have another accident? Emmett didn’t think that was the case, from Devon’s squirmy body language and cracking voice— two things he would never allow to happen if he could help them— it sure looked like he was having an emergency.

“I can’t,” Emmett said, as if to emphasize his point, his bladder sent him a painful, urgent spasm of need that left him almost doubled over, hands clutching tightly at his groin. “Nnnh!”

“You’re gonna piss your pants anyway,” Devon said. “Just—“

“H—Hey,” Shelby snapped from the other end of the hall. Emmett looked across to her, noticing that she now looked even worse off than before. She was cupping herself, fingers pressing desperately into the material of her pants, and her legs were crossed so tight she may have been cutting off the blood circulation. “Leave him alone! H—He got there before you!”

“You need a girl to fight your battles?” Devon asked Emmett. “Wow. I knew you were pathetic, but just… Wow.”

Emmett turned back around and tried to just concentrate on holding it in. He tried to ignore all the pokes Devon gave to his back and all the snide comments about how he should just get out of the line since he was going to have an accident before he reached the bathroom anyway.

At one point, he looked across the hallway at the women’s room line again, just in time to see the girl ahead of Nova— whom, while clearly uncomfortable, didn’t seem as close to an accident as Nova did—whisper something to Nova and then allow her to cut ahead. Emmett saw Nova exhale a puff of air and give the other girl a grateful smile. Emmett felt some of his tension spontaneously fade, and he realized then just how worried he’d been that Nova would either hurt herself or have something horribly embarrassing happen to her. In spite of how desperate he still was to void his bladder, Emmett actually felt a small bit of relief now that he knew Nova was in a better position. He hoped someone would be kind enough to let Shelby cut as well…

But, when he started thinking about that, he felt a little guilty for refusing to let Devon go ahead of him. He knew that that would be the NICE thing to do, but he just… He couldn’t risk ANOTHER accident, and he was just barely hanging on by a thread as it was! ‘Devon’s such a jerk to you all the time,’ Emmett told himself. ‘You shouldn’t feel bad about this. Think if your roles were reversed. You really think Devon would let you skip? He’d probably pin you to the wall and squeeze on your bladder until you wet yourself if you even asked!’

He knew that that was probably true, he knew that it was ridiculous to feel concern for someone that tormented him and would sooner sell him to a cult of cannibals than ever do anything nice for him… But, Emmett still felt the tiniest bit of guilt.

Soon, Emmett was nearly through the line enough to actually get into the restroom. Something that he was both looking forward to and dreading; Looking forward to it since it meant he’d be closer to actually unzipping at a toilet, and dreading it because he’d be able to hear everyone ahead of him spray out their long held streams. That was one of the most torturous things about being in line to pee, he was forced to endure the sounds of relief that wasn’t his. ‘You’re close,’ he assured himself. ‘You’re so close. You’re so, so close. You can make it.’

His bladder was so full that it felt like it must have been the size of a watermelon, and now clearly being able to hear every flush and every hiss of urine was making his hands dig more firmly into his crotch. ‘I can hold it,’ he thought. ‘I can hold it. I can hold it. I can hold it. Ohhhh, please let me be able to hold it!’

He could feel his hands growing clammy and damp as they kept pressing to hold back the massive flood. He felt disgusted at the sensation of his own bodily waste hitting his flesh, but he didn’t dare move his hands from their position; if he did, then that bodily waste would surely begin running down his legs instead. He noted now that a lot of the guys he went to school with apparently did not wash their hands after urinating. He would have been perturbed by the lack of hygiene, but he was actually relieved that the sinks were being ignored. If he’d ended up needing to listen to them running, he would have lost it for sure.

A few minutes later, he was next in line to go. His desperation reached a fevered pitch at the realization and he did every pee-dance move he could think of as he begged for one of the stalls or urinals to open up for him.

The door to the first stall swung open. Emmett dashed for it as fast as he could. Which was maybe not the best decision since it made him start to leak once again. The guy who had just left the stall barely had time to step out of the way as Emmett dashed inside it. “Sorry!” Emmett said.

“It’s okay,” the other guy said a little awkwardly.

Deciding that, given how crowded the room was, he really would like a bit of extra privacy, Emmett shakily shut the stall door and drew the lock into place, his stream right at the very edge of his pee-hole, begging to be let out. That done, he spun around while yanking down his zip. He freed his dick faster than he thought he ever had before and aimed himself at the toilet.

Then, he stopped all his efforts at keeping his liquid inside his body In an instant, a torrential downpour erupted from him. The storm sprayed loudly into the bowl, pouring away and taking all his tension with it. Aware that there were many other people in the room with him, he fought not to moan at the wonderful feeling. Even if some of the guys at the urinals or in the other stalls were sighing with relief, Emmett felt too embarrassed to allow the same noise to fall from his own lips, so kept his teeth clenched to keep himself from groaning involuntarily.

Then, there was the slam of fists against the door to his stall. He jumped, and his stream went haywire for a second, wetting the rim of the bowl. He didn’t need to ask who it was, he already knew.

“Hurry up!” Devon snapped.

“I’m going as fast as I can!” Emmett said. “I promise!”

“You’ve been in there long enough!”

Emmett felt nowhere close to done. He’d only just started! And he’d needed to go so badly! He gave a push and tried to speed up his stream, but there was just so much in him that had to come out, and Devon yelling at him was frightening and actually making it a little difficult to keep his flow going at all… If anything, his trickling was beginning to slow down!

“Hurry up!” Devon repeated, and there was obvious anger in his voice that made Emmett feel very scared.

Emmett’s chest started to tighten up, his breathing became shorter, and his stream began to really dwindle even though he STILL had to go really bad! Again, he bore down on his muscles, trying to keep himself from stopping altogether.

“Come out. Now!” Devon snapped.

Emmett couldn’t come out now! He was still peeing! Slowly, sure, but he WAS peeing. If he tucked himself back away now and came out, he’d end up finishing his pee in his pants after trying so hard to hold it! “I can’t! I’m not finished yet!”

Emmett expected Devon to yell at him again, but he didn’t. Once a few seconds passed with no angry knocking or shouting, Emmett’s stream picked back up and resumed its forceful, gushing burst from before. Now, he DID let himself sigh. He just couldn’t help it. “Haaahhhh….”

Then, he heard yet another hiss of liquid. It wasn’t coming from him, and it sounded different from the waves of pee spraying into the other toilets. It sounded a lot closer to where Emmett was, too… Emmett didn’t allow himself to speculate on what that new, unusual sound may have been. He had an idea, but couldn’t make himself believe it. Instead, Emmett just focused on how good he felt, watching his powerful, clear stream of urine spatter forcefully into the toilet after so much time being forced to contain it.

Once he was empty, a nice chill went up his spine, making him shudder. “Ahhh…” he sighed out again. All better… He zipped up and opened his stall, enjoying how much lighter his body felt now that it wasn’t eighty percent piss. As he stepped out, Emmett saw Devon, and he was confirming Emmett’s earlier suspicion.

The crotch of Devon’s pants was soaked through. One of the legs was utterly drenched, and the other leg was pretty damp as well. His white shoes were tinted yellow and an enormous puddle was at his feet. He looked like he was in shock, like he couldn’t even believe this had actually happened.

“Oh my gosh!” Emmett exclaimed. “I’m so sorry! I— I promise, I really WAS trying to finish as fast as I could, I promise! I tried! Are you okay!?”

Devon didn’t reply, just shoved Emmett against the wall before running from the room.

Emmett felt his skin erupt and begin crawling with germs when it made contact with the bathroom wall. He hurried for the sink to wash off as much as he could, now dying to get home and shower.

After scrubbing himself with hot water violently for as long as he could, feeling utterly ashamed at how many people were bearing witness to his intense personal hygiene practices, Emmett exited the restroom. He tried to think of the positives. Devon was probably going to be worse to him than ever before now. He felt like his skin was infected with disease. But… At least he’d made it to the toilet in time? At least he’d peed?

He waited for a few minutes, hoping Nova and Shelby had made it alright as well. He saw Nova come out of the women’s room soon, finally able to stand up straight. He waved to her and she came over. He tried to ask if she was okay again, but still couldn’t get past the awkward feelings associated with asking her about her bladder. She didn’t seem to have the same problem, however. “Feel better?”

“Kind of,” Emmett said.

“Hm? What’s—“

“Oh my God!” Shelby interrupted, walking up to them. She no longer looked like she was fighting back tears. “I was seriously gonna explode!”

Emmett said nothing.

“What’s the matter?” Shelby asked. “Don’t you feel bett—“

Emmett tried to explain all the things that had happened with Devon in the restroom.

“Wait… You… APOLOGIZED to him!?” Shelby interrupted.

“Well, yeah,” Emmett shrugged. “I made him have an accident…”

“You didn’t,” Nova said. “That’s not your fault.”

“And, besides,” Shelby added. “He was bullying you the whole time you were in line, he picks on you constantly, he locked you in a closet once, he—“

“I know,” Emmett said.

“My point is, he doesn’t deserve an apology,” Shelby said. “He’s awful to you all the time. Honestly, he deserved to piss his pants. Just a shame not enough people saw it.”

“That’s not nice,” Emmett said.

“HE’S not nice,” Shelby said.

“You don’t need to be nice to people that treat you so badly,” Nova told him.

Emmett felt a little better. He knew they were right. He did not owe Devon an apology. He should not have even felt sorry for him at all, but he still did. He couldn’t help it.

