Rapunzel Exposed - A Tangled Fanfiction

Author: Dale Miller

*000*2015-01-10 23:09

Haven't posted for a while but I've just written a new story involving Rapunzel and Flynn from Disney's Tangled, I hope you enjoy :D

Rapunzel Exposed

Flynn was taking Rapunzel to see the Lanterns. It was going to happen, she was finally going to see what she had always wanted to see. That coupled with the fact that she was actually about to leave the tower made this the most excited she had ever been. There was no way she was gonna stop and think about going to the bathroom before she left, she's never even had to make that decision before. Having spent most of her life in this tower she was used to the convenience of being able to pee whenever she wanted to pee. In fact she didn't even know what it felt like to be desperate.

She didn't know that she had to pee until after she'd recovered from the excitement of being free. The feeling of wind in her hair and grass between her toes made her totally forget. Just being in the open air was the most fun Rapunzel had ever had, and it was a good long while before she started to wind down. That was when it hit her. She felt an intense pressure just below her waist, a pressure she had never felt quite like this before. She wanted to ask Flynn where the toilet was, even though it seemed like a silly question. Part of her knew there wasn't one out here, but then again, what did she know? She had no choice but to say something.

"Flynn?"

"Yeah?" he replied, noticing the worry in her voice.

"Erm" Rapunzel hesitated "I have to go to the bathroom."

She felt stupid as soon as the words left her mouth, she could feel Flynn's eyes judging her and was dreading what his response was going to be.

"I can't really help you there" he responded.

"Well" she said, wondering where this was going "What do you do when you, you know, have to pee?"

"I pee" he said, which was not particularly helpful.

"Just...like that?" she asked.

"Well" he said "obviously you have to find the right place in which to do it. And you have to be, how would you say it, slightly exposed."

For some reason the word 'exposed' made what she was soon to do all the more real.

"Exposed?" she asked, in horror.

"Yeah well, you know..." Flynn started to say. "Oh come on" he continued "Don't tell me you've never peed outside before?"

Now Flynn was the one that felt stupid.

"Really?" Rapunzel said "You really need me to answer that? Why the hell would I have ever needed to pee outside when I've been living in a frickin' tower my whole life?"

Rapunzel knew that she shouldn't really be mad at Flynn as it wasn't his fault, but at the same time she could feel that pressure starting to get more intense. The longer they stood here having this conversation the more desperate she was becoming.

"I'm sorry" Flynn said, and he meant it.

"It's ok" Rapunzel replied, and although it might not have sounded like it, she meant it as well "so, what do you mean by 'finding the right place'?"

At this rate she was beginning to not really care about where she was gonna do it, she just wanted to do it.

"It's gotta be somewhere where people aren't gonna see you" Fynn replied.

"Ok" she said "Where do you suggest?"

Instinctively, she grabbed hold of her crotch and squeezed her legs together. She didn't know whether it would help or not, it just seemed like the right thing to do. When she realised that it actually didn't help, she then decided to dance on the spot a little. That too proved unhelpful. She let out a little moan.

All the while, Flynn is watching, unsure of quite what to say or what to do. He looked around for a good place.

"Erm" he said.

"Please hurry, oh my god I seriously need to go RIGHT NOW!" Rapunzel yelled.

Flynn was starting to panic as well. He suggested the first place that looked reasonably private.

"You see those trees that are all bunched together?"

Rapunzel nodded.

"The biggest one right in the middle, go behind that" he said.

"And you won't look?" she asked.

"Why the hell would I look?" he replied.

Luckily for Rapunzel, Flynn wasn't the kind of guy that enjoyed watching girls pee, not that Rapunzel would know anything about that anyway.

"Please" she said, still dancing on the spot "Just promise me you won't look."

"I won't look" he said.

Without saying another word, she waddled over to the tree as fast as she could. She kept her legs crossed the whole time as she felt for sure it was all gonna spill out if she didn't.

She made it behind the tree. She carefully uncrossed her legs. Much to her relief, it didn't all spill out. She removed her underwear, which she was highly embarrassed about, but after all, Flynn promised he wouldn't look.

She didn't quite know what to do next. She knew how to pee, but she only knew how to do it sitting down on a toilet. She was standing up next to a tree and wearing a long dress. How was she supposed to do it without getting it on her dress. Also, she was barefoot. What if she got it all over her feet? She figured she was meant to spread her legs as far apart as possible, and bring her dress up as high as she could. She got that far, and was suddenly struck with the sheer horror of what she was about to do. She could feel the cold breeze on her exposed genitals. There was a guy she'd only just met standing only a few yards away. When the pee hits the ground, he was probably going to hear it. And what if it got on her hair?

She was absolutely desperate, fit to burst and yet she couldn't make herself do it. She applied the same pressure as she always had done when she sat down to pee, but nothing but a few drips came out.

She stood for a few minutes, closed her eyes and tried to relax. She managed to spurt a little. She heard it hit the ground and it was just too much. In frustration, she let go of her dress and put her underwear back on. She started to walk back over to Flynn, but she could barely move. If anything, she was actually more desperate than before.

"All better?" Flynn asked.

"I..." Rapunzel hesitated "I couldn't do it Flynn, I just couldn't."

She started to cry. Frankly, Flynn found the whole thing ridiculous but he also couldn't help but feel sorry for Rapunzel. He knew what to do.

"Come with me" he said as he grabbed her arm.

"Where are you taking me?" she asked, between sobs.

"You'll see" he said.

The walk to the waterfall felt like a lifetime for Rapunzel, who not long ago was afraid of wetting herself would now love nothing more than to just let it all out.

"A waterfall?" Rapunzel yelled "That's just gonna make it worse!"

"Trust me" Flynn said "Close your eyes, and relex."

She did as he told her.

"Now, just listen to the sound of the waterfall" Flynn whispered.

It started to work. Rapunzel was able to start letting it go a little bit at a time. It was slowly trickling down her legs and onto her feet. A little wet patch appeared on the back of her dress.

"It's working!" she said "I'm doing it."

As the stream started to get a little heavier, she walked right up to the water's edge. She removed her underwear again. They were soaking wet, but she didn't care. She threw them on the ground. Her pee was trickling down onto the grass below her. She lifted up her dress as high as it would go and stepped into the water. As soon as her feet were submerged, she finally just let it all out. She no longer cared that Flynn was watching, she no longer cared that she was outside, she didn't even care that she had just peed all over herself.

The sound of her pee splashing on the water was almost comforting, although she had never peed with quite such force before. When it finally started to slow down, she let out a loud moan, partly of relief but also of arousal. She let the last few drops go, stepped out of the water, flicked her toes to dry her feet off and looked over at Flynn.

Flynn was staring in total disbelief at what he had just seen. Rapunzel smiled at him.

"That's better" she said.

"Alright then" he replied.

And they never spoke of it again.

