Be good for mommy - Page 3

Author: lightman

*051*2017-09-24 22:18

Their the only way this story works lol

*053*2017-09-24 22:43

Sadly i have run out of ideas for this story that aren't based on holidays so the next part will be the final part of this story.

*055*2017-09-24 22:48

And I've enjoyed making it. i just wished more people liked it lol maybe ill try again with a new story later.

*057*2017-09-24 22:55

Thank you

*060*2017-09-25 06:52

{{3 hours ago, My_Next_Mistak said:

This is such a great story! I'm sad you're ending it when I just found it.

}}

Lol, I'm sorry too. I've tried asking for suggestions to help keep the story going no one suggested anything. I do have 2 ideas. one is some holiday specials ill wright later when the holidays get closer. like the Halloween one. but I'm also going to repost the entire story again at a later date. I think one reason people don't read the story is that I didn't put a lot of tags that go with the story. also if you have any suggestions to something I can add to the full story I would love to hear it.

*061*2017-09-25 08:09

Just finished the last chapter of 'Be good for mommy' which I will post at around noon. but I decided to see how much I wrote. all together its 83 pages with 33334 words written!

*063*2017-09-25 18:04

It was a long hard day for Alice as a babysitter as she handed the squirming 3-year-old to his mother.

“You are so great with kids” the mother commented.

“Only because my mom raised me right.” she said as she gave the baby a little tickle and hear him giggle.

She let out a sigh as the mother left and she was finally able to send a text to her sister. “Need to make a stop real quick. Be there soon :D”

‘Hurry up or we'll start the party without you! >.<’ her sister replied.

Alice got into her car and drove back home. She pulled into the back parking lot of the school and using a spare key she had she opened the back door and walked inside.

The school has really changed over the last few years but its layout was still the same. She walked to a door labeled D-3 and proceeded down the steps. Once she hit the bottom she turned on a light switch and seen her old home.

Everything was gone, replaced with boxes of random things the school will most likely forget about. She walked through all the rooms and remembered everything that had to happen in this house. The fun, the laughter, and even the tears. She stopped just outside one door and remembered the last time she was ever in this house.

### years ago ###

“NO! This can't be true!” Alice said as she clenched her head.

“It is baby, I'm so sorry.” the woman she had been calling mommy for years said as an entirely different life flooded into her head.

A life where she grew up, a life with her real parents, a life that wasn't all a lie! Alice then ran out of the woman's room.

“Alice! Wait!” the woman yelled but Alice just ran, shoving the girl she thought of as her sister to the floor as she ran past and up the stairs into the school hallway.

She immediately realized she was still in a Black onesie and a thick diaper when she looked inside the woman's office and seen she had left a large cote and her purse right on her desk.

She ran in and grabbed them before rushing back out and running around a corner as her fack sister came running upstairs yelling for her to stop.

Alice didn't listen as she ran out of the school and away from the lies of the women who kidnapped her.

The memories were slowly coming back as Alice went to a store and bought herself a cheap outfit with the cash in the woman's purse. It was a simple outfit of just a t-shirt new underwear and sweatpants.

The look really didn't matter, all that did was getting back home and letting my real parents know I was still alive.

She took a bus all the way to wear her old house was and was amazed it still looked the same. Without any hesitation, she ran into the house yelling for her mom and dad.

After a moment a man came into the hallway with a puzzled look on his face. It was her dad. He looked older but it was definitely him.

“DAD!” Alice yelled as she ran up and hugged him. But instead of hugging her back he pushed her off.

“Who the fuck are you?” he asked with a mad look on his face.

“It's me, Alice!” I told him.

“Whats going on? A woman asked as she walked into the hallway. It was my mother. My dad then blocked her path from me.

“Some woman just broke into our house claiming to be Alice.” he said and that shocked me.

“Dad it is me, I know I look a bit older but I finally got away from that woman who kidnapped me,” I tell them and they still looked just as puzzled.

“Whats going on?” a small voice said above me.

I looked up and seen a little girl looking over the rail of the stares at me. She had to have been around 10 with long blond hair.

“Alice stay up there, were calling the police!” dad said and it finally hit me, that bitch changed their memories too.

I didn't want to be arrested so I ran away again. Even as my parents yelled for me to stop I didn't until I was too far away from them.

Over the next week, I stayed in a crappy hotel living off of fast food. The cops never came looking for me and I'm glad. Not only did my family think I was a criminal but I realized I had pooped my pants while I was there without even realizing. Well, I was in diapers for years so it was to be expected. I had to use the coat to help cover myself as I went to another store to get another change of clothes and a box of diapers.

I’ve been in the hotel room ever since. Just trying to make sense of everything and I hated it. The room was disgusting, I constantly hear people fucking in other rooms and my room constantly smells like shit because I cant use the fucking toilet!

I was at my wit's end when there was a knock at my door. I took a look outside and seen it was that fack sister.

“Alice I know you're in theirs. I just want to talk please.” the 18-year-old jean asked.

“Go the fuck away. I don't want anything to do with you or that bitch!” I yelled.

She looked disheartened as she walked away. As she did so many emotions ran over me that I couldn't comprehend so I just started screaming and lashing out in the room.

When I finally calmed down. I was in a full diaper, the room was trashed, and I was hungry. So I took off the shity diaper and jumped into the shower where I washed off the rest of the shit. Once out I put on a pull-up for going outside and got dressed. I then went 3 blocks down to a local fast food restaurant. I got a chicken sandwich and fries before walking back to my room.

I only made it 2 blocks when a guy got in my way.

“Hay sugar, why don't we go to your place.” the sleazeball said.

“No.” was all I said to him as I walked past him.

“But I have money,” he said to me thinking I was nothing but a prostitute.

“Fuck off!” I yelled back at him.

“What did you say bitch!” he yelled and grabbed me. I screamed as loud as I could trying to break away. “You need to learn your pl…..”

I watched as he started twitching before falling over. Right behind him was Jean with a taser.

“No I think you do bitch,” she said as she kicked him in the nuts. “Let's go.”

She grabbed my hand and dragged me with her until we turned a corner away from that jackass.

“Let go of me!” I told her as I finally pulled my hand away.

“Look I know you don't want to see us but I did just help you right there. So can you please stop being a bitch for to minutes and talk,” she asked.

“Fine,” I say. I really just wanted to punch her, to tell her to fuck off and to stay out of my life. But after what just happened I also want that taser to take me home.

Once inside I set my food down at the tiny table and sit on the bed while I ate. Jean sat on the foot of the bed. Just watching in silence.

“How did you find me?” I asked.

“You have mom’s card. It wasn't hard to track you,” she told me. I now wish I hadn't have used it. “I'm sorry for what you're going through.”

“It's that bitch's fault,” I tell her taking a bite out of my sandwich.

“She already told me what happened. Please just come back and talk to her.” Jean pleaded with me.

“What so that she can steal more years from me!” I yelled. “I'm already over 25! I've been down in that tocher dungeon for years! Being that Bitches toy to dress up! I could have gone to college, got married, had kids! But she kept me locked up! My real family has replaced me!” I screamed at jean

She looked very upset but she stood up and pulled out a folder filled with papers.

“What's that?” I asked.

“Our mom wanted me to give them to you,” she said and my blood began to boil as she said that. After her first year with us, Jean could not see her sister as anything but a mother and soon started calling her that. Much to her delight.

“Get out,” I tell her.

“Alice please you need to see…” she said but I slapped her before she could finish her sentence.

She had a look of pure shock. But with the tears coming up she shoved the paperwork back into her purse before pulling something else out and tossing it on the bed.

“A gift from mommy,” she said as she slammed my door shut. It was a taser.

###

I took in a deep breath and walked away from the room. Back up the stairs and turning off the lights.

I got back into my car and drove away for the final time. I was finally letting this place go.

When I finally stopped I was in front of a large house. Without bothering to knock I let myself in and was greeted by all my sisters. Jean is the only one to get up and give me a hug.

“It's about time to got here we've all been waiting for you!” she said as she pulled me over to where everyone was.

Around the table I see Felicia. This is her house were in and she is going to college to become a doctor.

Next to her was her blood sister Marylynn and Bobbi. Over the last few years, they started up their own website for ABDL. their they Buy, sell and review all types of toys and even videotape them testing out the product to make sure it was safe. The sight really didn't get traction until they took one company to court for a faulty product and won. They are even starting to talk about hearing a few more people to test products and get a larger audience.

Next was Sara and Bree. After high school, they both went to different schools. Bree got a scholarship with her cheerleading and has been going to school to become a lawyer while Sara has been working towards animation. About two years ago they stopped flirting with each other and fully started going out. They told us they tried other people but they just know each other too well.

What I find funny is that in public Bree is in full control but with Sara, she is submissive about everything. Sara even invited us to their place where she forced Bree into a maids outfit to serve us drinks.

Jean was next. she decided to become a guidance counselor. Something like what mommy was. Helping kids with bullying and other problems. Sadly she’s not as good as mommy.

Finally in the center of the table sat Mommy in a beautiful urn.

With a tear in my eye, we all raised a glass.

“To mommy!” we yelled before downing our drink.

###

It was late at night when Alice broke into the school. She finally had enough. It's been 2 months since she learned the truth. She tried everything she could to find a job. But no one would hire her. She had nothing. Someone broke into her room and stole all her clothes. The card stopped working yesterday. And she ran out of diapers.

She finally wanted it all to end. But first, she was going to kill the bitch who stole her life. The one who made it impossible to get a job. The one who stole almost 10 years of her life away.

She moved thru the school and reached the D-3 door. She opened it knowing it would be unlocked. She crept down the steps. It didn't matter that it was dark. She lived here for so long that she got a big knife out of the kitchen and went to that woman's room.

Slowly she opened the door. Making out a large lump on the bed. Slowly she moved forward until she was right over it. Without a moment's hesitation, she began to stab repeatedly. But soon came to realize she wasn't stabbing anyone.

She turned on the light and realized she was only stabbing a body pillow.

She then proceeded to check every room in the house but no one was there. The only room she didn't look at was her own. When she opened the door she saw that the entire room was the exact same.

All her toys were scattered about. Her bed was still unmade from the morning she woke up. And all of it pissed her off! She just wanted this nightmare to end!.

Alice then raised up her left hand and with her right clutching the blade she put the blade on her wrist. She watched as a small amount of blood slowly ran down her arm. She clenched her teeth and closed her eyes and….

Nothing. She opened her eyes and saw the bladed gon. The blood no longer there.

“Fuck the stupid bitch really did do it.” someone said behind Alice.

She quickly spun around and seen a hooded figure standing in the doorway of her room.

“Who the fuck are you!” Alice yelled.

“I would tell you but I think the truth would be more shocking” the hooded women said.

Alice was in no mood for games as she ran at the women and tried to tackle her but she disappeared, causing Alice to fall on her face.

“Where are you!” Alice yelled as she tried to get up but a foot on her back prevented it.

“Ok 3 things. 1 welcome to your mind. Our hours are 9 to 5 unless a fucking dumb bitch tries to kill herself. 2 I suggest doing as I say if you want out. I got a job to do and the sooner we finish the sooner you go back to reality. 3 stop being so fucking stupid.” the woman told me before getting off me.

“What the fuck is going on,” Alice asked the women. Still not fully understanding where or why she was here.

“Ok let me explain. Before mommy gave you back your memories she feared you might do something stupid like killing yourself. So she made it my job to try and stop that.”

“And how are you supposed to do that?” Alice asked annoyed that the bitch put something like this in her head.

“Just show you the truth you refuse to see.” she said.

“I already know the truth. That bitch kidnapped me and turned me into her toy!” I yelled. The hooded women just stood there for a moment before she and millions of other voices all around Alice started to laugh.

“Ow do you got a lot to learn you dumb cunt.” she said and with a snap of her fingers, the world went dark.

Suddenly they were in a different room.

“Where are we?” Alice asked. Suddenly a little blond girl came running into the room and right through Alice. “What the fuck!?

“ALICE! A man yelled. Alice turned her head back at the door as her dad came into the room.

“Dad why are you…”

“Alice, how dare you embarrass me like that in front of everyone!” her dad said which confused her. Why was he…

“I TOLD YOU I HAD TO GO POTTY!” the little girl behind Alice said and realized dad wasn't talking to her, but to the kid.

“This is one of your memories,” the hooded figure said as everything froze in place. “You want to think you loved your parents but you really hated them.”

“That's not true I loved my mom and dad. They gave me everything I wanted.” I told the women.

“Ya, as long as you looked like and acted the part.” she said and everything started back up.

“You could have held it for a little while longer!” dad yelled at child Alice before he grabbed her and spanked her. Once he was done he stripped the girl naked and forced her into a corner. “If you aren't going to be a big girl then you don't get big girl things!”

The girl just cried as she was left there naked in a cold room.

“But that isn't reason enough for me to hate my dad. Yes, I'm mad he did that but still,” I tell the hooded women.

She just snapped her fingers and suddenly the walls of the room were gone and surrounding them were windows showing other memories. Once where she got in trouble for getting a C. some were her parents never showed up to school events. And others where they tell her they are too busy with something and to go play in her room.

“When you turned 14 they started getting you anything you wanted. Just as long as you looked and acted like the perfect daughter while in public. The women told her. Then she saw one that made her heart sink. It was the first time she got her grade raised. She had to suck the teachers penis to turn her C grade into an A. she was only 14.

“Just stop,” Alice asked and the windows disappeared.

“You hate your family so much. So when you had the opportunity to get rid of one of them you took it.” the women told Alice, And Alice knew what she meant. When she had her dad kill that old teacher and told the cops it was for a different reason.

“Ok! I get it! I fucking hate my parents! They weren't around for me! They made me feel like I was just a doll!” I yelled at the women.

“Good, now that's one lie down.” she said and snapped again.

The next memory was very recent. It was when Alice was yelling at Jean.

“I could have gone to college, got married, had kids! But she kept me locked up! My real family has replaced me!” I yelled and the memory stopped.

“That entire sentence is a complete lie.” she told me.

“No, it wasn't!” I yelled at her but before I could continue my mouth disappeared and I couldn't say a thing.

More windows appeared. Half of them was of me ditching school. Goofing off. Or fucking my teachers for the grade.

“In that sentence, you were making it sound like you wanted a degree. In reality, if you had gone to college it would be to party all the time. At least until you found someone with money and fucked them for it. You would have never had kids as it would ruin your party. The only reason you would have them was to lock down someone rich.” the hooded women said. Returning my mouth.

“Fine but the rest is true. She did keep me locked up and My real family did replace me,” I tell her. Suddenly a buzzer sound blared in my ears.

“Wrong again.” she said with a snap.

This time we were in the school. I had just had the best orgasm of my life and the girl I would come to know as mommy had just changed me into a clean diaper as I nodded off to sleep.

“What does this memory have anything to do with proving me wrong. If anything it shows that she just turned me into her toy.” I tell the women.

“You know memories aren't just what you see, they are also what you hear. And even if you're asleep you still hear things and your mind subconsciously records it. Just not as a big memory.” she told me.

I then watched as the boy and girl talked but didn't move.

“So what are you going to do with her now?” Eddy asked. The boy I once thought of as my boyfriend and who I tried doing anything I could just to get him to fuck me.

“What she deserves. I'm going to make her confess her crimes and be sent to jail for what she’s done.” the girl said.

Wait that's not what happens.

“I think you should change that,” Eddy told her.

“Why that bitch got the only decent person in this school killed just for a grade! She deserves worse!”

“Please just hear me out first. Then decided, ok?” Eddy asked. After a moment of silence which I think was her nodding, he spoke again. “I've spent months with her. She is definitely a spoiled brat but one that was neglected all her life. She doesn't bother feeling for people when she doesn't expect them to be there for her. Yes, she got him killed. But I also blame the parents for raising her like this. Please at least think it over before you decide.” Eddy told her. Then a door was open and shut. Leaving Alice and the girl alone.

“Fuck, he’s right.” the girl tells herself out loud. “You would be no different from me if I used my powers to get whatever I wanted. But of us are neglected and now we have to choose what to do, and I think I might have an idea.

Suddenly the room changed.

“This is a memory your mommy hid from you. But it's important you see it now.

We were in what looked like an interrogation room in a prison. Sitting at a table was my mom and dad with two guards behind them and the girl sat across from them. A few feet away I sat on the floor playing with a few toys with a skirt that just barely hid my diaper.

“What is wrong with her.” mom asked.

“I made her forget everything. She is no better off than a 4-year-old in a 16-year-old's body.” the girl said.

“How is that possible and why!” dad asked.

“Alice did a lot of bad things recently. So I decided that she needed to start over. And I wanted you to make a decision.” she told them

“What?” they asked.

“You are to blame for why she became what she did. So I'll let you decide who will take care of her. Me or you.” she tells them.

“What the fuck are you talking about!” dad yelled.

“If you decide to take care of her then your husband will have to stay in jail for the mistake you both made in raising her the first time. However, if you have me raise her I will make her confess to her crimes and make it so no one will remember who Alice was after you get out,” she tells them.

“But she is our child!” mom said

“But I am in jail because of her. Her dad sad.

“I'm surprised dad hasn't gone berserk at me knowing what happened,” I say out loud.

“Ow, he would have killed you. But mommy is keeping him calm right now just to get an answer.” the hooded women told me.

After a little back and forth it was decided that I would go with her. But before we left Mommy had one last thing to say.

“When everything is fixed. I'll leave you with one warning. If I ever find out you have another kid and you treat them like you did Alice. Ill turn you brain dead.” she threatens them before taking my hand and walking out the door.

“Your parents didn't replace you. They gave you a new life and just so happens to have another kid later. They don't remember anything about you, that's why they called their daughter Alice. Mommy just fixed your mistake in the only way possible.

“If no one ever remembers me then why was I locked down there for years!” I questioned the women.

“That is the final memory I have for you,” she said as we were surrounded my meares again. “Take a look. These are the first 6 months you were with mommy.”

I really was a spoiled brat. The memories were of me yelling and screaming at mommy. Just because I didn't want to stop playing, or go to sleep, or eat my veggies. Memories of me just being a hand full. Stressing her out. One of them was when mommy went to her room while I threw my tantrum and cried. Asking herself why she was doing this.

The memories faded and we were back in my room.

“Was that it?” I asked but the hooded woman was gone.

“Who are you?” another me in a footie pajama asked a man in my doorway.

WAIT, WHAT!!! There has never been a guy down here.

“Who are you?” the guy asked.

“I'm Alice!” the other me said. And smiled at him.

“What are you doing down here?” he asked her.

“I live here! Want to play!” she asked him as a crooked smile crossed his face.

“Ok but let's play a different game.” he said as he came closer.

He then pulled his pants down and convinced her to play with his thing. Then to start sucking on it. But then he started to get forceful and Alice bit him.

The guy yelled in pain.

“No,” I remembered this part. “Stop,” I said meekly as I watched the guy start hitting me. Over and over and over. The only thing I could do was scream.

“MOMMY!!!!!!!!!”

When the man stopped he ripped open my pajamas and grabbed my diaper before frying pan was hit over his head repeatedly until he was knocked out.

Mommy then dropped the frying pan and rushed over to hold me. My body shaking and gripping onto her tightly as she repeatedly told me mommy had me.

“I won't bore you with the rest.” the hooded women said. “After this, she blocked this memory from your mind. Apparently, the guy was a student who ditched class and went in here by mistake. Once you fell asleep mommy made him get up. He is the only person mommy didn't help and forced him to strip naked and run. Making only able to say and wright ‘im a sissy’. Also from then on, you fell in love with mommy and subconsciously you know mommy would always protect you. But subconsciously you also gained a fear of men. She tried to take you out into public but unless you were holding onto mommy tightly you wound up having panic attacks. So mommy had to make a choice and had you stay home. The only time you wanted to go out was on Halloween.

I said nothing to her. All I could do is look down at the beaten and bloody me. Holding onto mommy like at any moment if I let go the man would start to beat me again, and she was the only one to protect me.

“I know who you are,” I say as I look back at the hooded women. “you're my ugly truths. The ones I wanted to hide from. The ones she protected me from. The ones that show just how much I hate myself.”

The women then pulled off her hood and showed that she was indeed a very disgusting version of Alice.

“So now the stupid cunt knows. What will you do know? She asked.

I opened my eyes. The bladed still on my wrist. The blood still there. I immediately threw the knife across the room and curl up in a ball and cry. I wanted mommy I wanted my sister. Why did I have to be like this?

I don't know how long I was there. But I knew I was hungry and I could feel my diaper leaking. I got up and went into the shower and got cleaned before grabbing a fresh diaper. I was called and went into my room and put on the warmist footie pajama I had and put it on.

I then when into the kitchen and made myself a pb&j before sitting at the table all alone. That's when I finally noticed something on the table. A letter, addressed to me?

‘Dear Alice.

I'm hoping you get this. I tried to call you but you refused to answer the hotel phone. Mom is very sick right now and is in the hospital. She has been sick for a while but it only just got worse. I wanted to tell you back then but you refused to talk to me. I know it's a long shot but I'm hoping you might come home and see this. I know you are mad. And you can hate her all you want but grant a dying woman one last wish to see her daughter.

Love jean.

DYING!!!!!!

I ran out or the house and out of the school as fast as I could. The hospital was a mile away and I ran the entire thing. I ran past cars, mud and everything I could just to get to the hospital.

Once I got there my pajamas were ruined. The legs were torn up. Covered in mud and the blood of my feet as I didn't even put shoes on.

“Where is she!” I yelled at the front door clerk who was too shocked at me to answer.

“Alice?” I heard Jean say. I turned to see her stand up from a char. A single tear went down her face as she seen me.

I just rushed over and hugged her.

“Where is she?” I asked Jean.

Soon I was standing right outside her door.

“Mom pleaded with me to stay outside and wait for you. Telling me she didn't want to miss you.” Jean told me before opening the door and letting me inside.

Laying there was a pail husk of my mommy. How did she get like this? I just walked over and fell to my knees beside her.

“Mommy. I'm here. I'm finally here.” I tell her as I take her hand.

The room I quiet except for the slow beep of a heart monitor.

“Mommy I'm sorry, I'm sorry for everything. I'm sorry for being a spoiled brat. I'm sorry for putting you through so much trouble. I'm sorry for it taking me this long to realize how much I love you. Please wake up.” I asked as tears continued to come out and I gripped her hand tighter.

Beep.

Beep.

Beep

Beeeeeeeeeee……

I just looked at her with a blank look. This can't be happening. No, I just got here. I finally said I'm sorry. She can't die, no. no. no!

“Hush, little baby, don't say a word. Mommy’s gonna buy you a mockingbird” mommy sang. I looked behind me and there she was. Sitting on a rocking chair. “And if that mockingbird won't sing, Mama's gonna buy you a diamond ring.

“Mommy.” was the only thing I could say as I crawled over to her.

She just smiled at me and picked up my now small body and raped me in her arms.

“You're such a cute baby girl Alice.” she told me as she rocked us back and forth while I gripped onto her as tightly as I could.

“Mommy I'm sorry,” I tell her as I start to cry again. But mommy just puts a pacifier in my mouth.

“Hush little girl. I already know. I want you to know this right now. I don't know how long we can be like this. My powers make the rest of the word go slow. So however much time we have let me just spend it with my baby girl.” she said as she continued to rock us back and forth.

Her soothing humming and the crack of the chair was all I heard. Mommys warmth was all I felt. I bared my face into her as a few more tears came out. Soon the cruel world will be back. But for this one moment, however brief, I was with mommy safe from everything.

###

Mommy had brain cancer. If she had gone to rehab she might have survived. But she didn't go. She told jean after I ran away that she had a lot to prepare for and the rehab would only get in the way. Jean tried to convince her to go but nothing she said or did would help.

Before she died she left behind money for each of her girls. All 7 of us. The money was to be used to go to school or get a house.

Mommy also had a special page for me. The folder I didn't want was filled with paperwork. One was a change of identity. I was no longer Alice Young but Alice mare. She also had my diploma from high school and a list of job offers and colleges to apply to.

There was also a special trainer mommy setup to help me get potty trained and learn a few more adult skills I would need.

I was living with jean in a small apartment she bought while she went to school. With mommy gone we could no longer live in our old home. We took everything we wanted and the stuff we didn't or couldn't bring with us (mommy's blue room) was to be taken and sold. All money going to us.

After a year I decided on what to do and bought myself a house where I made it into a 24/7 daycare. I could think of nothing else but that. Mommy to such great care to me. I want to give that care and love to other kids and help them be better.

One of the kids I babysit for is Alice. Her mommy and daddy don't remember me at all but had a funny feeling they should drop off their daughter there 3 times a week to play with some friends. They even asked me if I could help with something. Their daughter has a weak bladder lately and has to wear diapers. Was there anything I could do to help her feel more comfortable and less shy about them. Yes, yes I could.

With the toast done all us girls huddled around the couch for one last present mommy left for us. A home movie of all the fun times we had, we couldn't help but laugh at everything in the movie.

The 8 women laughed as they watched everything. One by one they all filled a diaper they had on. One by one mommy watched as her girls laughed, cried, and played. She could only smile as the final scene of the movie was of jean’s birthday and they all messed their diapers together.

Mommy, knowing her job was done, then started to walk away knowing that they would be fine. Only turning one last time to say to her girls. “Be good for mommy.”

*065*2017-09-25 19:25

Glad you liked it

*067*2017-12-16 18:32

(This is a special crossover with PinkTheDinosaur ‘s story “Baby Care Class (remix)” the story is split into 3 parts, the first and third are in Alice’s POV while the middle is in Williams. If you want to read it fully from his POV then please read PinkTheDinosaur story, link at the end.)

My alarm clock rings and I smack it off as I groggily roll over in my bed. I slowly force my eyes open as I'm greeted by a smiling face looking at me.

“Goo moorin moomma,” I tell the picture of mommy with my pacifier still in my mouth.

I quickly remove the blanket to check on the stat of my diaper and see that it is still nice and dry.

When mommy passed away a few years ago I had to relearn my potty training. I learned it so that I could finally grow up a little and make sure mommy would never have to worry about me and the rest of my life without her.

But despite being potty trained I still will never give up being a little girl when I'm at home, and despite the fact that I'm now potty trained doesn't mean I still can't use my diapers whenever I want.

On that note, I happily begin wetting the diaper until it's nice and slightly leaking before I start my day.

I had just finished eating my eggs and toast when I received two text messages.

The first was from my sister Bobbi.

‘Morning Alice! Do you have plans today?” Bobbi asked.

The second text was from a mother who called me yesterday asking if I was open today.

‘Hi there, this is Jen, I was wondering if it was still ok to droop off my little girl at 3 to 5?’

So I messaged Jen back first.

‘Good morning, yes that will be fine, I'd be glad to watch your little girl.’ I texted her.

‘Thank you!’ Jen texted me.

I then went back to Bobbi’s message.

‘Today I'll be watching little Alice until 4, and a new baby until 5. I'm free after that.’ I texted her.

‘Perfect! Marylynn and I will be over at 5, we got something great to show you!<3!<3!<3!’ Bobbi texted me.’P.S. don't use your diaper all day!’

I couldn't help but giggle wondering what got her so excited, and to be honest, I was getting a little excited.

About an hour later I heard the doorbell and immediately went to answer it.

“Aunty Mair!” Alice yelled as the 13-year-old girl as she gave me a great big hug.

“Hi, Alice, its great to see you,” I told the girl as I hugged her back and looked up at the driveway and waved to the girl's father as he drove away.

We (technically) were not related by blood but Alice has been coming to my daycare for the last three years and considers me family.

“Can we have fun time today?” Alice asked me and I couldn't help but giggle.

“We just have a baby coming today so it should be fine,” I tell her as she cheered and ran off into the bathroom.

When she first came to my daycare she started having bladder problems and needed to wear diapers. After about a year she had finally stopped needing them but found that she started to like wearing them.

A few times I caught her trying to sneak one on or take one home with her. Her parents didn't like it however and wanted her to stop which made her very upset.

So I decided to make a deal with her, on days I didn't take care of kids older the 4 I would diaper her and let her be a baby for the day until she was picked up. She gladly accepted the offer and now it has become our little secret. At least that's what she thinks.

As soon as I got the diaper on her I had her slip on a pair of sweets and come into the living room.

“You can play until lunch time, then I want to check your homework. Remember, if you get bad grades you can't come over anymore,” I told Alice who agreed and ran over to play.

Alice wasn't the only one I made a deal with. Alice’s grades were dropping a bit so I made a deal with Alice's parents. If they let Alice play baby girl while she’s at my daycare, I guarantee Alice would keep her grades at up to a B average.

They were skeptical but decided to allow it and sure enough within 3 weeks, Alice's grades shot up. Now both parties are happy.

“Ow and Alice were going to have a baby gest today,” I told her as I went to prepare a bottle for the little girl.

### williams POV

It was 3 PM Sunday afternoon as Jen wheeled me up to a large house.

All day Jen has been walking me all over town, no real destination. I was wondering what she had planned for me this time.

Jen knocked on the front door and we were greeted by a beautiful blonde haired woman who greeted us.

“Hello, you must be Jen Farbison, it's nice to meet you. I'm Mis. Mare and the owner of this daycare.” Mis. mare greeted Jen before looking down at me with a smile.

DAYCARE!? I thought

“Hi, Mis.Mare, it's great to meet you too. This here is Sissy Nellie Farbison, my daughter.” Jen said and I began getting mad at that lie.

“Someone looks a little fussy.” Mis. Mare said as she bent down to get a good look at me. “But don't you look just like an adorable bunny”

I was still in my ridiculous bunny outfit from last night with the white dress, paw mittens, paw booties, bunny ears, and white plastic pants with a cotton tale on the end.

“Yes she is, she also has a little medical condition. She needs to keep her hands in mittens and a special pacifier on her to keep her from hurting herself.” Jen told Mis.Mare.

“That’s fine, I deal with a few other special needs kids from time to time. Just tell me a little more about it and we should be all good.” Mis.Mare told Jen as she held the door opened and let us inside.

Once we were inside I could immediately smell a tone of baby powder.

“ANT MARE!” a girl yelled as they went up to Alice holding a piece of paper. “I can't do this problem!”

The girl looked to be around 13 and looked a lot like Mis.Mare with her long blond hair. They honestly could have been sisters.

“I'll be over to help you in a second, I'm currently with someone at the moment sweety.”Mis.Mare told the girl who noticed Jen and me.

“What a cute baby,” the girl said as she flashed us a smile before leaving the room.

“That was Alice, she is a regular at my daycare.” Mis.mare told Jen before leading us into a small office room.

Here Jen told Mis.Mare a bogus story about how I was mentally ill and needed the pacifier and mittens, and how I'm really fussy to deal with.

Basically as many lies as needed to prevent Mis.Mare from finding out who I really am.

After they stopped talking Jen asked if she could take me to the bathroom to get a quick change before she left.

Once in the bathroom Jen unstrapped me from the stroller and laid me down on a very large changing table. One big enough for an adult.

“Ok Sissy, Mommy is going to be gone for a little while and I want you to be very good,” Jen said as she removed my wet diaper and replaced it with a new diaper. But before she taped it on Jen got out the tube of ice hot and my eyes went wide.

I was screaming and crying as she pressed the tub against my asshole. Hoping, no, BEGGING her not to do it!

“If your not good, then mommy will pour the entire tube into your bum,” Jen said with a smile as she put the tube away.

Ow, thank god!

I was then taped into the diaper before Jen got out another and taped it on me as well before sliding the plastic pants on me. However, that wasn't the end as Jen showed me something special about the panties.

They had a special chain inside of them and with the help of a heart-shaped lock, the panties were completely locked.

“We wouldn't want a stranger to see your little clit now would we?” Jen whispered in my ear as she picked me up and took me to see Mis.Mare.

“I'll be back in two hours to pick her up,” Jen told her as she handed me over and kissed my cheek before leaving.

“Don't you have just the nicest mommy.” Mis.mare said as she took me into her living room where she set me inside a giant play area.

The play area had a playhouse on one end, a small table with coloring books on it, there was a tv set up playing Mack JR (fake tv program), a toy slide, and dozens of toys scattered around.

“You play here for a moment while I go fetch you a bottle.” Mis.mare said as she left the room.

I was looking around the room when Alice came over to greet me.

“Aren't you just the cutest little thing,” Alice said as she stepped into the play area and grabbed a few stuffed animals and tried to play with me.

I began to scream behind the pacifier and I began to struggle hoping to communicate with her but with no luck. I finally decided to say fuck it and try to walk towards the nearest exit before tripping and falling on my face due to the diapers.

"Silly thing, were playing with toys right now," Alice said as she picked me up and set me down by the toys again. I noticed a coloring set right next to me, and I immediately tried to grab a crayon to write her a message with, to tell her I wasn't actually a baby.

But with the mittens on I couldn't even pick up the crayon, and I screamed in frustration.

"Someone is in a difficult mood today," Alice said picked me to examine me before she laid me down face-down on her knee, and softly patted my back. I let out a large burp, and the girl giggled.

Not sure why, but that is when I relieved myself of needing to take a dump, and I completely messed the diaper I had on, instantly turning my seat to mush. I hoped that she would smell it, go to change me, and find that I had male private parts, but the diapers were too thick to let out most of the smell.

"Awww, you are sooo cute!" Alice said and beginning to poke my chest, "I love baby girls so much."

“You two having fun?” Mis.mare asked as she returned with a bottle in hand. “Would you like to feed her?”

“Yes please,” Alice said as she took the bottle and Mis.Mare removed the pacifier cap just like Jen showed her and Alice stuck the bottle into it.

Apon tasting the contents, however, I nearly gagged as the formulary went into my mouth.

“Come on baby girl, drink up so you can grow big,” Alice said as she began bouncing me lightly.

I hated it but I wound up drinking the whole thing before Alice began to burp me.

“You are getting really good at this Alice, you'll become a great mommy when you grow up.” Mis Mare told her as she watched everything. “You remind me of my sister Bobbi and I when I would feed her like this.”

With that Alice stood up and gave me to Mis.Mare who gave me a tickle. Then she began to smell the air.

“I think someone just made a mess in her diaper.” Mis.Mare told us.

Does that mean the smell from my diapers got out? Does that mean I'm going to get a change and they will finally see I'm not a girl!

But instead of checking me, Mis.Mare went behind Alice and pulled back the waistband of her pants to reveal a messy diaper!

What the hell! I thought.

“You stay right here for a minute while I go chang miss stinky bomb over there.” Mis.Mare said as she sat me down in the play area once more and took the teen girl into the bathroom to have her diaper changed.

I can't believe I just meet someone else that uses diapers without being forced!

When they came back, Mis.Mare picked me up from the play area and took me to a different room, this one full of cribs.

“Now that you've had your baba, its time for a little nap.” Mis.Mare said as she pleased me into a crib and gave me a blanket. “And I think little Alice here needs one as well.”

“Aww, do I have to?” the teen protested as Mis.mare lowered the side of a much larger crib for Alice to lay down in.

“Yes, you know the rules, babies take naps.” Mis.mare said as she picked the teen girl up with ease and sat her down in the crib before leaving for a moment and returning with another bottle.

This one, however, wasn't for me as Mis.Mare tried to give it to Alice but accidentally dropped it.

“Oh dear.” Mis.Mare said as she bent down to pick up the bottle and I notice the back of her dress rise up to reveal she was also wearing a diaper!

What the hell was going on with these people?!?

Mis.Mare handed Alice the bottle who happily began drinking it as the bars of the crib were lifted up.

“Have a nice nap baby girls.” Mis.mare said as she turned off the lights and left the room.

2 hours later I was woken up from my nap by Jen who picked me up.

“How was my little girl! Were you good?” Jen asked.

“Like an angel.” Mis.Mare told her as she entered the room.

I looked over and noticed Alice was no longer in the crib and must have woke up before Jen got here.

“That's good because I got a special surprise for my good girl!” Jen said as she bounced me up and down and I noticed my very heavy diaper.

“Come back to play soon.” Mis.Mare told us as Jen place me back into the stroller and pushed me out or the house, just as two other women were heading to the house.

They complimented on how cute I looked before we passed them.

“Hey Alice, we just got a new product in and we were wondering if you would like to try it with us?” I heard one of the women say.

### Alices pov

I immediately let my diaper sisters in and had them sit in the living room.

“How was your day? Bobbi asked as she and Marylynn shutdown.

“It was good, little Alice went home in a wet pull up and you just saw the new Baby leave,” Alice told her sisters.

“We saw, the bunny outfit was so cute on her, I now want one,” Marylynn commented.

“So you have a new product for your store?” I asked wondering what it could be.

“Yep and we wanted you to test it out with us!” Bobbi said as she held out a package.

“What is it?” I asked as I opened it up to see diapers inside. “Diapers?”

“Not just any diapers,” Marylynn said as I pulled it out and got excited.

They were extra big and extra thick! Not only that but this one also had my name on it!

“They are specially made ABDL diapers that are made to order, our business partner makes them custom made for every order and asked us to sell it on our site,” Bobbi said as she pulled out one that had her name on it.

“But before we ever start selling we always make sure the products are good and we thought you might want to join in on the fun,” Marylynn told me grabbing her’s.

I didn't need to be told anymore as I immediately tore off my pants and dry diaper too but on the new one.

The diaper was so thick I couldn't even close my legs if I wanted to. The inside felt nice and soft, I even began bouncing on my bottom.

“We know you're a heavy wetter and we thought these would work great for you,” Bobbi said as she put her’s on.

“Now it's time for the fun part,” Marylynn said as she had her diaper on and pulled out 3 little vials. “We got to test them to see how good they work.”

I knew what she had and happily waddled into my kitchen to grab is 3 bottles of chocolate milk and poured the special laxatives into them.

“To diapers!” Bobbi said as we knocked our bottles together and began drinking them as fast as we could.

Once we were done with the bottle Bobbi took out her laptop and began typing out her thoughts and began asking us how we thought of the diapers so far.

“it's amazing, nice and soft in all places but not too soft to where I'm afraid it won't hold anything,” I told Bobbi as I poked at the diaper and felt the urge to pee. “When can we pee?”

“Just a few minutes, I still need to make the review,” Bobbi said as she finished typing her review and handed it to Marylynn who also began typing.

Once they were done if it was excitement or if I really needed to go but I was bouncing up and down trying not to pee.

“Ok, now we can pee,” Marylynn said as the three of us began filling our diapers and letting out loud sighs of relief.

“What do you think?” Bobbi asked.

“It's so absorbent, most of my diapers leak after I use them and the ones that could, would leak if they took another soak. With these, I think I could pee in them 4 times before they got full.” I told them who also agreed.

With that, the three of us began playing around in our diapers to see if they could stand up to any ABDL playing. And sure enough, they could. No leaks, or anything. It retains its shape and I couldn't be happier.

Then the laxatives hit us like a ton of bricks as we felt the first of the cramps.

I tried to hold it as long as possible as Marylynn was the first to neal over and fill her diaper.

Marylynn never really eat a lot so we never noticed any bulge or anything. Heck with how big they were we couldn't even smell it.

Bobbi was next to fill her diaper and this time we notice a small bulge but nothing that couldn't be used again.

Finally, I was the last one. Thankfully I only peed in my diaper this morning and still needed to go from yesterday.

I stopped fighting the need to go and I filled the diaper up as much as I could.

“Amazing,” Bobbi said as she gave my diaper a pat. “Even with so much you still can't smell it!”

It was true, these diapers were amazing and meant to be used more than once. I couldn't help but love the feeling and wished we had them a few years ago.

I could almost picture mommy coming into the room to see three diapered girls playing in their full diapers, not worrying about the smell and letting us have our fun.

“Bobbi, I need you to do me a favor,” I tell her.

“What's that?” Bobbi asked.

“Order me 100 more of these.” I happily told her as I bounced on my diapered bottom and letting the mess spread.

There was no way I was taking this diaper off until tomorrow night.

%https://pinkthedinosaur.deviantart.com/art/Baby-Care-Class-remix-part-10-Be-good-for-mommy-720157810?ga_submit_new=10%3A1513326363

*069*2017-12-17 17:14

Thank you for liking it. :)I was glad to get the opportunity to come back to this story and make one more chapter to it.

