Bathroom line omorashi

Author: animepee1234

*000*2018-01-14 20:57

So one day during school there was a long bathroom line at the women's bathroom. So during my 6th period class 3 girls were looking desperate.

So the period ended and me and my friends were walking down the hall and we saw a line of desperate girls in front of the girls bathroom me and my friends watched from a distance.

Within that line there were three girls I hated Adgriana(from a previous story), Maria(also from a previous story) and Marry.

The line contained about 12,13 people. My friend said he'd be back. He went over to the line and "tripped" and his phone "dropped" out of his hand into the bathroom. He went in and hid his phone.

Suprisingly no one saw him put up the camera. He walked out. We just waited there and one girl said "shit!" And ran in the bathroom as a steam of pee ran out of her she ran into the bathroom. Other girls walked into the bathroom. I said "ok let's go dude" he replied "wait". I waited. A few minutes later we saw 4-5 girls walk out of the bathroom with their pants/skirts/shorts wet. When no one else came out my friend ran in.

He for his phone back and played it. I waited and saw a girl yell "shit" as pee ran out she didn't make it. The stall door opened and a girl ran in and from under the stall a puddle was forming she didn't make it.

Then the 3 girls I hated walked in and Adriana ran into an open stall she started pulling down her pants as pee started to stream out she wet herself. Marry was banging on a stall as she was holding her crotch. Then pee started to flow down her legs.

Then Maria came in and was holding her crotch and jumping up and down. She sat on the floor and started to blush whilst holding her crotch then a puddle started to form under her.They walked out and started sobbing.

Sadly I couldn't find the video neither could my friend.

The End

