I'm a Coward

Author: Night Rain

*000*2015-02-15 03:35

I've decided to try mind hand at writing another sad piece I hope whoever reads it may enjoy it, As when I wrote it I felt rather depressed so here it is. If a certain someone reads this I felt like trying my hand on what you did earlier last year.

It was raining the day that she died much like how it was it felt. Like the very heavens themselves were crying out in despair and rage at the loss of someone so young. I had vowed to protect her from harm I told her sisters that I would right to their faces. I went so far to promise myself but I was so wrong in that aspect. Why did this have to happen to me I've already lost one person in my life that being my mother I still remember that day. When I had found my mother's lifeless body upon her bed.

I could picture myself right there here and now shaking her limp from begging her. To open her eyes I cried and begged for hours. But my mother never woke up I just stood there crying feeling her warm blood upon my hands. I was never the same since that day the memory of my dead mother haunted me everyday. Yet fate dealt me a hard blow when I had found the girl whom I had grown to love lifeless upon the ground. With a large hole torn through her chest by an attack from one whom I have always hated that person was my father.

He had ambushed us on our way home from our date he wished to settle the score with me. To rid the world of me and my current friends who had been kind enough. To take me into their home when I had no where else to go.

We had entered through the front gate to our home for this day had been a great one, For our date we had went to the bookstore, clothing store and even to the zoo. I remember her kind smile when i had won her a stuffed panda in cran game at the zoo. She had thanked me with a smile before our trip to the zoo I had bought her two books from the book store, I was planned on giving one of them to her later that night while the other was a birthday present. I'm sure she would have loved it had she been alive this day.

My mind seems to be wondering I haven't yet told you how the battle had truly turned out. When my father had appeared in a flash of wind magic he demanded that I return to his side. When I refused him he started to attack by blasting me to the ground with powerful wind magic. I was unable to fight back as my very powers had acted rather strange as of late. Instead she had transformed and tried to protect me from my father who in a blind rage turned to her and blasted her clear through the chest.

I screamed out her name as I was drenched in her very blood as she crashed to the ground not far from. Where I lay tears spilled from my eyes and rolled down my cheeks. I tried everything in my power to break the invisible bonds that locked me down but I was powerless. Off in the distance I could see her two sisters running towards us. My father not wanting to deal with them retreated after he left the bonds holding me down broke apart. Yet instead of scrambling over to try to save her I sat frozen in fear as the memories of my mother's death resurfaced. I felt her hot blood drip down my face and splatter upon the ground.

I screamed and then finally moved I ran away I ran past her sisters. As I couldn't face them I ran and I ran leaving the manner grounds and out into the city. As I ran I tried one last time to call upon my powers. They finally seemed to answer me I cast a teleportation spell and was taken out of the city I did have any idea of where I wanted to go. I just wanted to escape and that I did I arrived in another part of the world and that was where I remained. I completely shut myself off from my magical side. Making sure I couldn't be found by her sisters or anyone else for that matter.

I remained in the city of Moscow for over five years I lived in abandoned buildings. Sleeping upon the cold floors I ate rats and bugs that I killed with my bare hands. The cold days and nights were the worst but I did what I had to survive. I would say the hardest times were when i was asleep at night the day she died always entered into my dreams. I often woke up crying and covered in sweat as I called out her name. The time seemed to pass rather slowly for me but soon the fay came when I gathered the courage and returned home.

I had missed her funeral but I did find the location of where she was buried. From an old friend of mine known as Charon why I had chosen to visit him instead of her sisters I didn't know maybe it was because I still couldn't face them.

She was buried atop a small hill surrounded by white rose bushes. As I approached her grave in the falling rain I could see various things had been placed around the grave. Their were pictures of her sisters from different periods in her life I could even see a couple of pictures of myself yet what hit me the hardest was when my eyes traveled to the stuffed panda that had been placed up against it.

The tears came to my eyes and I screamed out as I dropped to my knees. In pure shame I curled up into a little ball and just cried and cried. Through my teary eyes I remembered hearing her voice from the day before she died

"I love you"

