Short (kind of) Stories - Page 2

Author: Alex62

*020*2020-03-29 18:06

Much like the other day, Radu has been playing games in his room a lot, sometimes alone, and sometimes live with friends- like he is right now. He didn’t have a shirt on and was wearing some purple CK briefs and a pair of gray shorts. Per the usual, Radu has been drinking lots of water and holding his pee. He enjoys having a full bladder but also when he ends up peeing his pants. He asks the group “can anyone see how much time is left to complete the mission, I gotta pee so bad right now it’s not even funny.” His friend that was playing with him the other day chimed in “again, because peeing your pants in front of me wasn’t enough?” He laughs and then some of the other guys in the chat laugh too, another guy says “wait what?” His friend responded- “yeah Radu full on pissed his pants like a 5 year old.” More laughter filled the chat, including laughter from Radu. “But seriously, I have to pee so bad.” One guy who was waiting to respawn said “about 10 minutes”.

Radu felt his underwear get damp as he started leaking. The game was getting more intense and he couldn’t do anything but squeeze his legs together to try and hold it. He changed positions to cross his legs, but nothing helped. Another leak came out. He had a baseball sized wet spot on his shorts and felt a little bit of pee trickle past his balls in his underwear. “Guys seriously I’m about to pee my pants. What should I do?” The general response was the same from everyone- focus on the game and he’d be fine.

So he crossed his legs right over left, putting his hands and the controller on his tight knee, swinging his right leg. Five minutes remained and his bladder was giving up on him. Radu sat in his seat as pee began to flood his shorts and underwear. He kept playing, not noticing at first that he was fully peeing, he thought he was leaking. Once his bladder was content, pee now pooled up under him and some on the floor, he says to the group “all better” with a sigh. His friend didn’t want to admit it, but he too was sitting in a puddle of his own pee.

*021*2020-03-30 15:18

Decided to make a part 2 to the last story.

After the game ended and Radu said bye to his friends he got up to look at the damage to his leather gaming chair and carpet. As he stood up pee ran down his legs, shining against his tan legs, making a bigger mess on the carpet. Radu loved the feeling of warm pee soaking himself and it running down his legs. He looked at his chair and it was full of pee and the carpet underneath was soaked but the damage was not bad. Radu smiled as he pulled down his shorts to look at his purple CK briefs. He looked at himself in a mirror as he got hard from being in peed soaked underwear. He pulled his shorts back up as he wanted to stay in the pee soaked cloths. He went over to his bed and lauds down as he enjoyed himself in pee soaked shorts and underwear. After a while he started to need to pee again so he decided to hold it. He went on his phone for a while to distract himself. He ended up laying on his bed with his legs sitting up and crossed.

After a while his need got worse and since he was already soaked in pee he decided to just let it go. Pee ran down his ball and sides as it soaked his bed. Radu couldn’t help but to smile. He heard a knock at his bedroom door and he quickly pretended to be asleep. Radu’s mom walked in and took on look a Radu and wad in shock, her 18 year old looked to have wet the bed. She shook Radu awake and told him to shower and change. He agreed as he had to keep his love for this a secret and went to shower. Luckily for him his mom didn’t see his gaming chair and mess from before. Smiling Radu got naked and got into the shower as more hot water soaked him, sadly not pee this time.

*022*2020-03-31 21:50

WARNING - STORY INCLUDES MINOR SEXUAL PARTS AND NOT JUST A WETTING!

Radu was hanging out with his best friend, Symon, at a neighborhood park. Radu wasn’t sure of his feelings towards Symon but he did know Symon was a great friend. In fact Radu wasn’t even sure of his sexuality. So there they sat together both with crossed legs and their hand on there top knee, talking. What Symon didn’t know was that Radu was holding his pee and had to go pretty bad by now. Radu was swinging his top leg trying to distract himself and hold his pee without being to obvious. But Radu didn’t know that Symon liked Omorashi and was watching him with excitement and hoping he would wet himself. Also he thought Radu was cute desperate but Radu was no the riser epically with Symon’s boner hidden with his cross legs.

Symon has a crush on Radu but wasn’t sure if Radu felt like he was anything more and it seemed to him that Radu didn’t even know what he wanted and seemed confused. Radu’s need just kept getting worse and worse and nothing seemed to be helping. He felt a leak wet his light blue CK briefs. Radu had on ripped blue jeans along as his light blue CK briefs and a gray hoodie. Quickly he checked to see if his jeans had any wet spots and to his relief none were there. He quickly looked up in hopes Symon didn’t notice but he was watching Radu closely and noticed everything Radu did. This made Symon very excited to possibly witness his best friend and crush wet himself; he heard story’s of Radu wetting but has never witnessed it for himself, and he even expected Radu might like it but Radu has never told him that he dose personally.

Radu leaked again and felt as pee ran down his balls, he couldn’t help but to smile as he knew he was losing the battle and was doing something he loved. He figured his butt might be wet but he looked down at the front of his jeans and saw a dime size wet spot. He tried to hide this but of course Symon already saw and didn’t let Radu know so he could see Radu stay desperate and cute. But this for sure made Symon very happy and his dick agreed with him. Radu tried everything to keep on holding but the battle was over, he lost.

He slowly stood up as a hiss filled the air as pee flooded out of him; soaking his briefs and jeans, and running down his legs pooling at his feet. Symon watched Radu as he stood there peeing his pants, the pee shinned against Radu’s legs though the rips in his jeans and flooded the ground beneath him. Symon couldn’t help but to touch himself as he watched and he even came. After Radu emptied his bladder he sat back down and saw what Symon had done. Seeing this something clicked for Radu and he knew he had feelings for Symon.

Radu leaned in and kissed Symon. Symon was shocked and looked at Radu who was now smiling and blushing hard. seeing this made Symon start to laugh and Radu followed in laughing. Symon pulled Radu into another kiss as said “this is quite the first kiss”. Radu laughed and said “it is, and by the way i like holding and pee myself is that strange?”. Symon smilies and said “no, i like it to and seeing you desperate and peeing yourself was hot!” and pulled Radu into another kiss. They walk to Radu’s house talking and only got a few stares from people. As they got inside they headed to the shower. They got lucky as Radu’s parent were gone so they were home alone. Once in the bathroom they both got undressed.

Symon watched as Radu got undressed, he looked sexy in only his pee soaked light blue CK briefs. Pee shined aginst Radu’s tan skin as he stood there in only his briefs. “Let’s take a nice shower together” Symon says to Radu and kisses him pulling down his briefs. Symon steps into the shower looking at Radu’s sexy naked body not able to take his eyes away from Radu’s huge dick. Radu steps into the shower after Symon gets a good look and Radu can’t help but to get hard as he sees Symon’s wet naked body. Radu kissed Symon as they shower together.

Should I make a part 2??

*024*2020-04-03 18:46

Joseph and his best friend, Austin, were at Joseph’s house playing video games. Joseph was 20 and Austin was 19. They were playing a online team match of Call of Duty. Joseph and Austin’s team was losing the match. Austin was to focused on the match to notice that his best friend was squirming and distracted. Joseph has to pee and really bad by now, he had to ever since the match started but he ignored it bc it wasn’t that bad but now he was regretting his choice. He crossed his legs tightly as he tried to focus on the game. Austin let out a cuss word as he got killed which cause Joseph to jump and leak. He quickly looked at his jeans to see if anything showed and to his luck nothing did.

Unfortunately, his luck soon ran out as a opposite team member jumped out of nowhere and killed Joseph causing his controller to vibrate. Usually this was fine but this time it startled a distracted Joseph causing his muscles and bladder to release. Pee soaked his jeans and underwear. He sat there not really aware he was peeing but Austin was very aware. He watched as pee pooled in Joseph seat soaking his jeans and once his seat couldn’t hold anymore it dripped to the carpet below. Joseph finally realized what was happing and he turned bright red in embarrassments his best friend watched him pee his pants.

“why didn’t you just go to the bathroom” Austin asked and Joseph replied “I didn’t want to let the team down” as tears formed in his eyes. “Let’s get your cleaned up then I should head home, it’s getting late” Austin said as Joseph nodded as he cried. Once Joseph got cleaned up he headed out to Austin, “All better?” Austin asked with a smile. Joseph replied “yes” as playfully punched Austin. “Let’s go” Joseph said to Austin as his mom yelled from the other room “stop by the store and get milk while your out and take Aiden”.

Aiden was Joseph younger brother who was Austin’s age, 19. Joseph sighed as he heard his mom and went to wake Aiden up. Aiden woke to his brother throwing a pillow at him and told him to “get in the car”. So half asleep Aiden went and got into the car. As they drove away Aiden felt a pressure in his bladder signaling he has to pee. Aiden crossed his legs. After a while Aiden started to squirm around, luckily for him he was in the back so Joseph’s and Austin’s attentions was not on him. The car hit a pothole in the rode as the car jerked causing Aiden to leak.

Aiden grabbed himself quickly to stop the flow but his underwear was pretty soaked and he was sure his tan shorts had an obvious stain but he was to scared to look. Before he knew it they were at Austin’s house. Joseph said goodbye and drove off, Aiden would have asked to use the bathroom but he was sure a stain would show he leaked and if he stood he might lose it all. Joseph pulled into a nearby grocery story to get milk. “Stay here” he told Aiden as he got out and headed inside. Aiden had no problem staying in the car as his tan shorts probably showed he leaked but he did have a problem waiting as he couldn’t hold it much longer.

He leaked again as he crossed his legs. However, it didn’t help as another leak escaped. Aiden knew he didn’t have long till he fully wet and was tired of holding it so he closed his eyes and relaxed. Pee soaked his tan shorts and underwear as it pooled in his seat. Aiden couldn’t help but to moan as his bladder finally felt relief and he might have enjoyed it if he wasn’t in his brothers car in a public parking lot.

*025*2020-04-21 16:48

Sorry to not post lately but I have been really busy lately. Anyway here’s a new short.

Matt had sipped on a couple of beers on a quiet Friday night. With quarantine going on he couldn’t go out with his friends like he usually did, so this was his treat to himself for making it through another week unable to work or go anywhere. Per the usual, he stripped off his pjs and went to bed in the grey CK briefs he’d been rocking all day. He didn’t need to go pee at all so he didn’t bother to try to go, but as the hours of sleep passed by the beer set in motion and by about 5:30 he sort of woke up feeling the need to go, but rolled over and went back to sleep. Another hour passed by and a slow trickle of pee began to leak out as he dreamed he was at the mall with friends and had to take a bathroom break.

Over the next 30 seconds his underwear went from dry, to damp, to soaked, and another 30 seconds passed by and the bed began to get wet too. Laying on his back with his soft dick pointed slightly up towards his bellybutton, pee went on both sides of his hips and down his balls. His underwear were soaked and pee puddles under him. He continued to sleep for another hour and as the pee cooled, he woke up. He sat up really quick and got out of the bed. He was shocked. At 22, he hadn’t wet the bed in nearly a decade, but suddenly here he is, cold, wet and annoyed. He felt like a little kid who peed the bed and was about to get yelled at by his own judgement on himself.

*026*2020-04-23 17:34

Evan was flying to visit some friends from his hometown in DC. This was his first time flying alone, but wanted to enjoy spending time with his friends after he just turned 18. Evan wore a blue polo shirt and had on some white khaki style shorts, white Hanes briefs, and his favorite pair of Vans. He had a small suitcase which the plane was going to carry with the rest of the luggage, and his carry-on bag which had a spare pair of shorts, underwear, socks, and a shirt, just in case they lost his luggage. He always was uncomfortable flying. So his older brother gave him a couple of shots to help him relax before he left the house.

When Evan gets nervous, he drinks water, think of it as a nervous tick. He drank one bottle on the way to the airport. And when he got to the airport and was waiting for the plane to board, he ended up drinking a second one over the course of 30 minutes. They finally started seating Evan’s section, and when he stood up, that’s when he realized he needed to pee. He knew there was no way in hell he’d get up from his window seat to try and go to the bathroom over an hour long flight. He was determined to hold it. The plane begins its departure and backs up and begins to taxi to the runway. There are two planes in front of them, the first of which is now lining up when they get error notifications on their main engine.

All three planes sit for about 30 minutes. Evan crosses his right leg over his left. He’s cramped in the seat and it’s weird trying to get in to a comfortable seating position. The person in the seat next to him looks at Evan, groans and rolls his eyes as Evan tries to change positions a second time. He’s now more aware of his need to pee. He’s definitely feeling the pressure. The plane Captain comes on the intercom, saying that the plane with engine troubles has been cleared for takeoff and reminds everyone to recasted their seatbelts. The plane jostles a bit as they scoot ahead. There is a bit of a pothole that jostles the plane a bit, a drop of pee escapes from Evans aching bladder. He’s not aware of this level of urgency just yet. He puts his hands in his lap above his crotch and crosses his legs the other way.

Evan looks out the window and thinks to himself “I don’t think I’m going to make it.” The plane turns the corner and lines up on the runway. “Prepare for takeoff” the captain says over the intercom. A loud hum comes from the engines as it begins to accelerate to full thrust. The plane picks up speed hitting multiple little bumps along the way. There is a really bad one that jostles the plane so hard that a squirt of pee escaped. He re-crosses his legs again to try and get comfortable again. As the plane begins to come to takeoff speed, the instant the plane is airborne another big squirt comes out. He turns more in towards the window to look out. But also to avoid the gaze of his seat mates on his row. His nerves get the best of him when they encounter some turbulence, shaking the plane. Pee begins to flow out of his dick and starts to soak his underwear. Evan feels the pee pool under his crotch and under his butt on to the fabric seat beneath him.

*028*2020-05-30 23:59

Billy and 8 of his friends got together to go trick or treating through his neighborhood. He loves to pee his pants every chance he can get. So made sure to wear black pants and black CK boxer briefs and held it as long as he could before they went out on their adventure. About 10 houses in he could already tell it was time for him to pee, he wasn’t going to be able to hold it without bouncing around and getting really fidgety much longer. So when they stopped to assess their candy selection, he went ahead and let a good bit out to relieve his discomfort. At first he only was able to relax enough to get out a squirt, but after a moment more came out and was able to stop the flow by the time his pants were wet down to the knee.

He felt some relief and they carried on. A few more houses down and they got to a very spooky house with lots of outside decoration. Billy actually scares pretty easily. He could already feel his bladder begging to finish peeing. But it didn’t need to wait long. The door opened with a creepy creek and someone popped up behind them to give them candy. It startled him enough that he began to pee again, and there was no stopping it this time. A puddle formed under his left leg since the bandage on his right leg was holding some back. He looked down and saw that his friend that was dressed up as Ash from Pokémon was also peeing his jeans.

- TK

*029*2020-06-03 16:12

Alex and his friend TK have been on the phone talking for quite some time. For almost 20 minutes Alex was sitting on his bed with his leg crossed tight because of how bad he needed to pee. At the time he was wearing some briefs and a pair of shorts but was planning to take a shower after they got off the phone. So at one point during their conversation he got up, ran out to the mailbox to check the mail and ran back inside to help minimize the likelihood of being seen. TK kept going on about this guy that he saw working at Target and the fact that he saw him helping someone and as soon as they were finished he watch him pee his pants. All of the extra pee talk made Alex feel even more uncomfortable. He went ahead and slipped off his shorts so that he was standing in the laundry room in nothing but his grey striped briefs.

Alex was too shy to speak up and say he needed to pee, or worse pee in the toilet while talking on the phone. So he just kept holding it and crossing his legs. Alex finally got to the point to where crossing wasn’t helping anymore so he also started to push a hand down in to his crotch as he had his legs crossed just to help hold some extra pressure on it. Alex remembered that sitting down was a little more comfortable so he went in to the living room and sat on the couch, again crossing his right leg over his left to help hold it in more. TK changed the subject and started talking about his little brother and how often his little bro pees his pants too, even though he’s 17 and basically an adult. Needless to say, TK was doing all of the talking and not really giving room for Alex to say much.

Alex already has a bad enough habit of holding it too long anyway. TK knew about it. And could hear changes in Alex’s tone and breathing. “You’re about to pee your pants again, aren’t you?” TK asks of Alex. Alex lied and tried to deny it. But a few minutes later Alex stood up to go back to his room. The change in position made a surge of pee rush through him and some escaped, wetting an area on his briefs the size of his dick in length. He took in a strong short breath, which was audible enough where TK asks, “are you ok” Alex lies again and gives an “Mmhmm yeah”, which is blatantly obvious to TK. “You’re about to pee your pants, aren’t you?”

“No” Alex lies. “Well maybe.” Alex makes a few steps towards his room and another squirt comes out. Alex’s briefs are now wet to about half way down his balls. TK asks “right. How wet are you so far?” Alex lies again. “I’m not. Will you chill?” Alex crosses his legs again tight as his bladder gives out completely. He starts to slowly pee in his underwear. His balls are drenched and pee is flowing down both legs, though it is mostly going down the right leg since that is the one crossed over the left. He changes his posture where he’s standing up straight and pee begins to go down both legs evenly, soaking the carpet beneath his bare feet. Alex is suddenly very quiet and TK chimes in, “you just peed your pants, didn’t you?” Alex is quiet for a moment, feeling the warm, slightly golden, fluid running out of him. TK says again “didn’t you?” Alex responds “mhmm.” And hangs up the phone and goes to get in the shower.

- TK

*030*2020-06-04 22:19

Leon is at home sitting on the couch with his legs crossed knee over knee, watching a brand new series that just launched on Netflix.

He’s sipping away on his fourth drink while snacking on chips. He feels the pressure building up in his bladder and was trying to hold it until he finished the episode he was on. He tightened his cross legs.

His light blue skinny jeans and his star patterned briefs were helping to add some pressure to hold his pee back but as he looked down at his petite figure and he could see his bladder bulge below.

He knew he was busting to pee. He uncrossed his legs and cross them again right knee over left knee, tightly. He didn’t usually hold his pee for super long periods of time because he didn’t like how fidgety it made him, but he kept holding it.

About 10 minutes passed and he felt a little trickle out, just barely dampening his underwear. He chugged down the last little bit of his drink and was set to try and finish the last 15 minutes.

Another 5 minutes passed and a much bigger leak escaped when he heard the front door open. His mom came home from the grocery store and she asked him to help right away.

He did as he was told and paused his show, uncrossing his tight knee over knee legs and went to grab a few more bags of groceries from the car.

He leaked again as he picked up the bags, now at a point to where he couldn’t do much to hold it, he walked towards the door and waited for his mom to grab it and open it.

As he was walking in to the kitchen she was walking behind him when he froze in his tracks as pee ran out of him, running down both legs. “Leon, you are 19 years old, you better not be peeing your pants!”

Once he finally could control the flow he ran the rest of the bags to the kitchen and ran to the bathroom where he sat down on the toilet and finished peeing his pants.

*032*2020-06-06 20:23

{{24 minutes ago, wetaccident said:

Is Alex in that last story anyone we know Alex62? Haha.

Seriously, I quite liked that last story.

}}

That’s me!

*034*2020-06-09 03:38

Jake and his best friend, Nicholas where seniors in High School. They were in 4 period of the day which was math and with 4 more periods to go they were bored. Out of boredom they decided started to goof around together. The teacher did not like this at all so when Jake realized he really needed to pee and ask to go to the bathroom she said “No”. Jake responded in a smart ass way “want me to pee my pants!?”. She ignored him and continued to teach. Jake knew he was in trouble with how badly he needed to pee. Nichols looked at Jake and asked him “are you okay?” he lied and said “I’m fine” as he felt a leak and crossed his legs tightly under his desk. Jake tried to hold it in, he did everything he could but he lost the battle.

A loud “hisss” filled the room as pee flowed out of him soaking his Jeans and black CK trunks. The pee pooled in his seat and when the seat couldn’t take anymore dripped on the floor making a dripping noise, pooling under his seat. Jake couldn’t believe what was happing all he could do was stare at his pee soaked jeans and pee puddle. Nicholas watched Jake in shock as well as the rest of the class. Once Jake’s bladder was emptied Jake’s brain realized what happened and he stood up as pee ran down his legs and ran out of the room. The rest of the class stared to laugh except for Nicholas who followed Jake out of the class. Nicholas found Jake sitting against a wall crying. Nicholas sat next to him and rubbed Jake’s shoulder and said “come on let go to the gym locker room and change”. Jake nodded and stood up followed by Nicholas. They walked to the locker room in silence and Nicholas realized he too had to pee.

When they got to the locker room they headed to Jake’s locker to get him a change of cloths. As Jake opened his locker Nicholas looked around for the bathrooms and found them. He was about to go when he heard Jake say “SHIT! I don’t have any clean underwear!” Nicholas looked at Jake then at the bathroom and made a decision. He closed his eyes and relaxed as his bladder released soaking his jeans and his blue CK briefs. Jake froze as he heard a loud hiss, the same hiss he heard earlier in the class room as he peed his pants, and drips as pee hit the floor. He looked over at Nicholas and saw that he was peeing his pants. He watched in shock as his best friend peed his pants.

When he finally stopped Jake asked “what happened?” Nicholas looked at Jake and said “now we both had an accident” and smiled. Jake couldn’t help but to smile back. Jake took of his Jeans and so did Nicholas. Jake stood in only his trunks and Nicholas in only his briefs. “I didn’t know you wore briefs” Jake said to Nicholas and Nicholas replied “I didn’t know you wore trunks”. They both laugh at this. “I don’t have and underwear to change into” Nicholas looked at Jake and said “don’t change them then just put on some black gym shorts”. Jake at first didn’t like that idea since he would still smell of pee and his gym shorts would eventually get wet also but after a while he agreed to the idea as Nicholas also did it. They both headed back to class in black gym shorts and pee soaked underwear.

*035*2020-06-11 03:14

Tyler went over to his friends house and took his dog Max, he had been drinking a bottle of water and finished it and took one with him. His friend James lives about 4 blocks down. They played around for an hour or so, more so talking than anything else. James mom interrupted their fun and said he needed to go with them to the store and said Tyler could come back over later or tomorrow. He finished the second water he’d been sipping on since he left home and asked for one more to go. It was a warm day and the sun was out, so he didn’t think too much of his bladder, a 15 minute walk from where his friend lived was a dog park.

So Tyler took Max to the dog park sipping away at more water. He stopped to give Max a little bit of water, and kept walking. Eventually they made it to the park. Tyler let Max off of his leash and watched Max play for a bit with some of the other dogs, sitting down he occasionally checking his phone to see some of his favorite people he’s following on TicTok and see what videos are popping up. He realized at one point he was really starting to need to pee and he crossed his legs eight knee over left knee tightly. After a while he uncrossed his legs and he went and got Max back on his leash and finally made some progress walking home. He didn’t realize how urgent it was until he was passing his friends house, who hadn’t returned from the store yet.

Tyler felt a little trickle out, he took a breath in and walked a little faster. But as they got closer to home, Max wanted to stop everywhere along the way to sniff. He was two blocks away when he felt a lot more trickle out, his black CK briefs were now pretty wet. Thankfully his ripped at the knee baggy jeans didn’t cling to well around the crotch because of him leaking. But as they got a block away a big wave of desperation took place followed by a loud hiss. He couldn’t stop it. A block away from home and the boy is peeing his pants.

*036*2020-06-12 16:17

I’m thinking about ending this thread.

*039*2020-06-16 17:23

As @Shadowdevil and @RandomWetName wanted more, here’s another with Jadian. If you don’t know Jadian check out my other longer stories.

Jadian spent most of the afternoon running errands before his closing shift at work. With it being a hot day, he went through a few bottles of water. With the way his shift fell and with the errands he had to run, Jadian had to change clothes in the employee bathroom at work. He arrived at work wearing some light cutoff jeans, a pair of light gray CK trunks and a navy blue polo. We walked in to the store and went straight to the back to change. He finished his open bottle of water, walked to the bathroom and locked the door.

He had to grab his crotch as he set his stuff down because he needed to pee from all of the water he had been drinking. He unbuttoned his jeans and felt a drop getting ready to escape. He shoved his hand inside his underwear to grab himself as he pulled his dick out. His hand made it in just in time as he started to leak pee just as he got his hand between his dick and his underwear. Thankfully only his hand got a little wet as he removed his junk and hand and aimed for relief and victory, a strong flow of nearly clear pee filled the toilet.

He finished peeing, washed his hands and began to change. Dress code for work had employees wearing a black shirt with black pants, and a black half apron that ties at the waist. He put his other clothes in his locker, clocked in, and went to work as a cashier. They had two lines open and he stayed busy for the first few hours. It was about an hour and a half before the store closed and he had to go pee again. Jadian started to get kind of fidgety as his need to pee got stronger and stronger. He kept reaching in to his apron pocket to grab something (his crotch) but was trying to be helpful to the customers that he had in his line. He went from being more cheery and energetic to focused on ringing people up faster to try and get his line down.

He wasn’t sure but at one point he thought he might have leaked a little. He flipped his light on for manager assistance, they didn’t come. He shoved his hand in his crotch at one point as he definitely leaked. His underwear were now wet. He crossed his legs tightly while standing and turned to the bagger that just walked up and asked him to get a manager to come over. He did and the manager came up. He whispered in their ear he really needed a bathroom break. The manager asked if he could wait until the store closed, but Jadian started bouncing around again and shook his head. The manager said ok and Jadian started walking quickly to the bathroom. He couldn’t really feel it but pee was starting to slowly run down his legs. He almost had a tear in his eye as he hurried to the bathroom. As he grabbed the bathroom door, he felt another big squirt come out.

As he approached the toilet, he couldn’t hold it anymore and started peeing as he was opening his pants. Warm piss started to flood his underwear. The damage was being done as he finally got it out. He finished peeing in the toilet, but not before he could feel pee down his legs to his socks. His crotch was soaked. He felt so relieved but so embarrassed. He grabbed some paper towels and tried to blot out as much of the pee from his pants as he could- he knew he would have to stay and finish his shift. He finally blotted out about as much as he could and made it back to the sales floor and to the register after about 10 minutes of being gone. He was pretty quiet afterwords, not social much at all- definitely not himself. While he was only half wet, he felt like a kid who had just peed his pants in front of the world.

*042*2020-06-17 17:14

Here's a version of the last where Jadian didn't make it at all!

Jadian spent most of the afternoon running errands before his closing shift at work. With it being a hot day, he went through a few bottles of water. With the way his shift fell and with the errands he had to run, Jadian had to change clothes in the employee bathroom at work. He arrived at work wearing some light cutoff jeans, a pair of light gray CK briefs and a navy blue polo. We walked in to the store and went straight to the back to change. He finished his open bottle of water, walked to the bathroom and locked the door.

He had to grab his crotch as he set his stuff down because he needed to pee from all of the water he had been drinking. He unbuttoned his jeans and felt a drop getting ready to escape. He shoved his hand inside his underwear to grab himself as he pulled his dick out. His hand made it in just in time as he started to leak pee just as he got his hand between his dick and his underwear. Thankfully only his hand got a little wet as he removed his junk and hand and aimed for relief and victory, a strong flow of nearly clear pee filled the toilet.

He finished peeing, washed his hands and began to change. Dress code for work had employees wearing a black shirt with black pants, and a black half apron that ties at the waist. He put his other clothes in his locker, clocked in, and went to work as a cashier. They had two lines open and he stayed busy for the first few hours. It was about an hour and a half before the store closed and he had to go pee again. Jadian started to get kind of fidgety as his need to pee got stronger and stronger. He kept reaching in to his apron pocket to grab something (his crotch) but was trying to be helpful to the customers that he had in his line. He went from being more cheery and energetic to focused on ringing people up faster to try and get his line down. He wasn’t sure but at one point he thought he might have leaked a little.

He flipped his light on for manager assistance, they didn’t come. He shoved his hand in his crotch at one point as he definitely leaked. His underwear were now wet. He crossed his legs tightly while standing and turned to the bagger that just walked up and asked him to get a manager to come over. He did and the manager came up. He whispered in their ear he really needed a bathroom break. The manager asked if he could wait until the store closed, but Jadian started bouncing around like a little kid again and shook his head. The manager was about to say ok when a customer came up and was getting a little irate- “are you a manager?” Jadians heart sank. “I have been trying to get some help and I can’t seem to find any of your staff.” The manager put up their pointer finger to Jadian indicating to hang on a second while they attended to the customer.

Jadian felt a big squirt of pee come out. A customer came up and started putting items on the conveyer. Jadian greeted them and scanned each of their items, a small squirt escaping after every few items, wetting his black pants. He tried his best to not show any emotion as he was slowly peeing his pants at his register helping a customer. He glanced down at one point as he felt his feet starting to get wet as pee began to fill his shoes and started to create a small puddle under him. Just as he handed the customer their receipt, the manager came back and said now he could go. Jadian stood there facing his manager with a tear rolling down his cheek as he finished fully peeing his pants. The pee puddle at his feet now huge and his pants glistered with pee. Jadian stood there as pee dripped down his legs, shining against his tan skin, not believing he just peed his pants.

