The Slippery Bank Robbery, Part 1: The Robber

Author: downwest6

*000*2012-03-26 12:42

This is my first story, so please feel free to give me unrestrained constructive criticism. Thanks!

FILE 1739274

CASE DETAILS

Date: Wednesday, May 23

Location: Clearwater Falls Bank

Incident Descirption: attempted armed robbery with three witnesses, criminal apprehended

SUSPECT INTERVIEW

James Harold Baker, age 42, Plumber

I see no reason in trying to fake it anymore, I've been caught. So, yes, I did commit the robbery, or rather would-have-been robbery. Damn girl. I swear I almost had it. She's the one who pissed herself, you know? Said her name was Alexa or something. Shit, I need an icepack for my head.

So, anyway, I pulled up to the bank at about 7:00 on that Wednesday, in my toyota, right? I'll tell you that I was not expecting anyone to be there. I mean, come on, who shows up at a bank on a weekday at the crack of dawn? I figured it would be best to rob the bank when it had just opened, you know? No one would really be there. Except there was. The girl was there, and so was this kinda older guy, he was maybe 70-ish. So I decided to wait for them to go in, and then I pulled on my mask and grabbed my gun. I was about half way across the parking lot when I realized that I had forgotten my bag. So I went back, got the bag and walked up to the bank. I could feel my heart pumping, but I really wasn't worried, you know?

I figured I should kick open the door to the bank, but it turned out to be some real fragile glass. Some idiot designed it so that it would break with one kick. I mean, I was wearing boots, but they weren't that heavy or anything. So then I had to take my foot back outof the broken door and just push it open. Anyway, I walk into the bank with my shoulders hunched up a bit, just to seem bigger and all. And there's the girl and old man Jenkins or whoever, looking at me so scared. It was awesome, because once I drew that gun, they knew that there was no way back. I guess I did too, but hey, the gun wasn't pointed at me. It was however, pointed at Alexa when I shouted "freeze! This is a robbery! This ain't the fucking movies, this is real life. no hero's gonna come to save you, so let's all be smart."

And that's when I noticed it, this girl had a puddle spreading beneath her. It was rippling with this stream of pee coming off her leg. Her pants were just soaked in this weird pattern all down her legs. And I thought, "shit! She's wetting herself!" She was crying, too. The way her legs were shaking, it sent little drops of pee around her, too. I tell you, man, it was really everywhere, all down her legs, and on her shoes, on the floor, the puddle was pretty massive. The puddle stopped rippling soon, I guess cause she stopped peeing. But it still grew a bit. I asked her her name, and she said Alexa or Aimee or whatever. So, I pushed her aside, into her puddle, and I walked up to the teller. he put the money in the bag, and I turned to go. And then the world flipped upside down. I would love for someone to tell me what happened. Somehow, the money is gone, and here I am being interrogated. I know that bitch had something to do with it.

To be continued.

Please tell me:

Is the concept good?

Do you like the format?

Is my writing descriptive enough?

Do you understand the character's point of view well?

Do you like the kind of cliffhanger ending, where you don't know how the robber got caught?

I know that I did not include many details about the wetting itself, but I tried to consider how much the robber himself would talk about it. I will definitely describe it more in other points of view. Thanks, and more to come soon!

