The Assistant - Page 2

Author: Anubis

*026*2013-10-15 12:19

{{: 

OMG, poor little Danielle... so unfair of Ms. Andrews to do this to her...

How long will she be able to stand it before she loses control and has a very public and quite humiliating accident ?

}}

I'm not sure how long it's going to be before she loses control and has an accident, but it shouldn't be too long. I'm also not sure if it's going to be public or not. I've got a few ideas of how she could just barely avoid a public accident. I guess we'll just see what happens when I start writing chapter 8.

*027*2013-10-16 13:13

8

While Ms. Andrews and Mr. Springs were having their own little conversation, Tyler was unable to concentrate on the discussion, so he had no idea what they were talking about. He kept hearing Danielle's soft gasps and grunts and kept looking at her, watching her tremble and squirm.

That poor girl must really need to pee, he thought. Why won't she just ask to go? Maybe the restroom is out of order. Or maybe...

Tyler started to stroke his chin with his right hand, while pretending to listen to the meeting. Maybe Miss Andrews is forcing her to hold it against her will!

He took a bite of his salad and looked back at Danielle. Her eyes were closed tight and she had her head bowed. He thought about taking a glance at her lap to see if she had her hands covering her crotch, but was afraid he would get caught.

It's so hot to watch her struggle, but I feel bad for her, Tyler thought. He was becoming aroused as he quickly leaned to the side and saw that she indeed had her hands between her thighs, pressed against her pee hole.

Tyler sat up straight and looked over at his boss and Ms. Andrews. The two were still carrying on, as if nothing was going on. When he knew they weren't looking, he looked at Danielle again, who opened her eyes and looked at the fountain beside her with a soft groan.

If she pees herself right here, it will be so humiliating for her! he thought.

In his mind, he imagined her losing control and crying out as the pee gushed out of her and soaked her panties, skirt, and ran down her legs into her high heels, forming a puddle around her feet and the bottom of the chair, from where the pee ran over the edge and splattered on the tiles below. Thinking about it was major a turn-on for Tyler. A bulge formed on the front of his pants, but he felt guilty. I shouldn't be enjoying her suffering or humiliation, but yet I am! Maybe there is something wrong with me.

Tyler looked over at Ms. Andrews and saw that she was looking right at Danielle, with the creepiest grin he had ever seen on her face, though she was talking to Mr. Springs, so it looked as though she was smiling about the conversation. That is when Tyler had an epiphany. It looks like Miss Andrews is enjoying it too! Has she been manipulating the poor girl, so that she would wet herself in public? Why should I feel bad when I'm not causing this to happen to her? I can't control what arouses me. It just happens.

Then, Ms. Andrews shifted her gaze and her eyes met with Tyler's for a moment. Her grin faded and she looked away from him, back at Mr. Springs.

I think I know what you're trying to do, Miss Andrews! You are a horrible person for doing this! Tyler looked at Danielle again and he imagined, once again, her wetting herself like a small child, in the middle of that packed restaurant, with everyone staring at her. If that happens, I need to do something to help, but what could I do?

Danielle was whimpering and gritting her teeth. He knew that it couldn't be long now. He looked at Danielle's salad, which she had only eaten a few bites of, and her glass of ice water, which she hadn't even touched. He looked at his own glass of water. After only taking a few sips, it was still quite full.

What should I do? Tyler wondered. He looked back at Danielle again and she looked at him. They locked eyes for a few seconds and that is when he thought of an idea.

###

Why is he looking at me? Danielle wondered as Michael's business partner looked at her and her meal. Does he know what is happening to me?

Her bladder was in so much pain, she felt like she had a stick of dynamite inside of her body, ready to blow. If she lost control, she would pee all over the floor.

You... must... hold it! She told herself. Don't lose it now!

Tyler looked away from Danielle and she clenched her sphincter with all of her might and pressed hard into her crotch, between her bouncing, double-crossed legs, as a powerful bladder spasm hit her. She was sure that the floodgates would break open and the flood inside of her would erupt out of her body like a geyser.

No, don't even think about losing it Danielle! Don't even think about it! The very thought of losing control almost made it happen. She knew there was no way to hold it until the meeting was done, but even then, Katherine might rush her out the door.

Is she doing this on purpose? Does she want to see me humiliate myself in public? What exactly her boss was trying to do to her, she was not quite certain, but it seemed like Katherine was plotting everything. Maybe she was being paranoid. She had to be, right? Why would a mature business-woman like Katherine want to torture a sweet girl like her?

No! Another bladder spasm hit Danielle and a spurt of pee leaked past her sphincter. She had her fingers pressed against her pee hole, so the pee did not squirt out, but her clothing was in the way of her fingers and she could feel the liquid seeping out.

I can't hold it! I just can't! Miss Andrews, why wouldn't you listen to me? Why are you doing this?

More pee escaped from Danielle's bladder and seeped into her panties. Her bladder was so full, it couldn't hold any more. It was at its absolute limit and if she didn't wet herself, the pee would back up into her kidneys. No, this can't be happening!

With a loud groan, Danielle leaned forward and pressed her breasts into the table as she felt more pee escape. This is it! I'm going to wet myself, right here! I can't hold it anymore! Why did the restroom have to be out of order?!

Danielle sat up in her chair and saw that Miss Andrews, Michael Springs, and Tyler were all looking at her. Miss Andrews had a smirk on her face, Michael had his eyebrows raised and looked a little scared, and Tyler was blushing and looked very nervous.

It's over! The floodgates opened. She moved her hands out of the way as the pee soaked her panties, her skirt, and the chair underneath her. She gasped and closed her eyes. As her bladder started to empty itself, the relief was pure bliss, but she was afraid to open her eyes and see the stares of everyone around her.

*029*2013-10-16 17:10

{{: 

Wow reading this story in multi-part long form made it seem like I was watching it happen in real time. While Ms. Andrews was cruel in a way it made for an exceptionally hot and erotic Omorashi story. That Danielle was desperate for hours , has left me sitting here with a fully hard erection. Outstanding job, Anibus. Thank you for taking the time to write this long and detailed and arousing story. This is my favorit type of pee story long detailed desperation and wetting.

}}

Thanks for the comment. I'm glad you liked what you have read so far.

*032*2013-10-17 14:04

{{: 

I hope you are continuing such an amazing story. If not, I'm okay with it, but I would most likely enjoy more!

}}

I am definitely continuing. This erotic tale is far from over. If I had ended it now, it would have been like ending a story with a bit of a cliff-hanger, which has happened on at least one TV show that I liked, leaving everyone wondering what happens next. Since you would like to see another chapter, I've got one.

9

It's over, Danielle repeated in her mind, as a puddle formed underneath her rear end. I couldn't take it anymore...

She kept her eyes closed, just knowing that everyone would be looking at her when they knew she had wet herself and she knew she couldn't handle seeing all of the stares. Unfortunately, she would have to face them eventually.

The puddle spread out around Danielle and started to flow over the chair. Just as the urine started to drizzle on the floor, she felt ice cold liquid splash all over her lap and her legs. Gasping, Danielle clamped her sphincter shut, cutting off the flow of pee, and opened her eyes.

“Tyler, you klutz!” Michael Springs shouted. On the table in front of Danielle, her glass was lying on its side, dripping water on the floor, between her feet, from the opening at the top. There were a couple of half-melted ice cubes sitting on her legs and several on the floor below. Tyler's glass was also tipped over. There was a puddle of water on the table from his glass and there was a small puddle on the floor where his water had run over the edge.

“I'm so sorry, Miss Smith,” Tyler said, blushing. “I didn't mean to spill your water on you.”

Danielle stood up and the ice cubes on her legs fell to the floor as she looked down. Her skirt and panties were soaked, both from pee and ice water. The pee that had fallen to the floor was diluted by the spilled water, so it was almost unnoticeable. The seat of her chair had water-proof padding on it, luckily, so the liquids that were on it didn't soak in. However, the liquid on the chair definitely had some yellowness to it, unlike the water that Tyler had spilled.

Hoping no one had noticed, Danielle grabbed her napkin from the table and quickly used it to soak up her pee from the chair, before anyone had a chance to see it.

“Is everything alright over here?” asked Kevin, their waiter, as he quickly approached the table.

Michael Springs stood up and adjusted his tie nervously. He glared and pointed at Tyler. “Yes, everything is alright. Tyler just spilled water everywhere.”

Danielle looked at Kevin and blushed as she balled up her sopping wet napkin in her hands and hid it behind her back.

“I'll get a mop and clean it up,” Kevin offered.

“No, I want to see Tyler clean it up,” Michael Springs said. “He made the mess, so I expect him to take care of it.”

Tyler blushed from embarrassment again. Danielle wondered if maybe he had known she was wetting herself and spilled the water on purpose, to make it look like her clothes had gotten wet from spilled water.

“No sir, it's my job to clean this, so I'll do it,” Kevin told Michael.

That was a good idea, Tyler, if you did actually do this on purpose. Of course, Danielle knew that the water didn't dilute the pee she was sitting in. What if the back of my skirt smells like pee? What if it stains and everyone can tell what it's from?

Kevin walked away from the table and Tyler looked at Danielle. “Are you alright, Miss Smith?”

Tyler's words interrupted her thoughts and she looked at him. “Huh? Oh, yes, I am okay.”

However, that is when Danielle realized that she still needed to pee, though not desperately. She had only emptied half of the pee she was holding and feared that she would be desperate again in a few hours. In all of the commotion, after having cold water spilled on her, she had forgotten about the condition her bladder was in, but right then, it was the center of attention, once again.

Kevin returned and kindly asked Danielle and Tyler to move aside so he could mop up the water. While she watched, Danielle squeezed the napkin in her hands and blushed, afraid of someone noticing it, accidentally causing a few drops of pee to escape between her fingers and fall to the floor behind her.

I hope the waiter doesn't smell my pee! Danielle thought. She watched him as she stood on trembling knees, fearing that he would notice. When the waiter showed no signs that he had smelled anything, she didn't know if that was good or bad. Maybe he does smell it, but doesn't want to let me know and feel embarrassed.

As the waiter finished up, Danielle looked up when she heard Katherine say, “So, Mister Springs. Do we have a deal?”

Michael sighed and held out his hand. “Yes, I believe we have a deal.” Katherine shook his hand and Danielle became confused. She had been so distracted that she had no idea what the meeting was even about. She just didn't remember.

“Um, Miss Smith?”

Danielle looked at Tyler again when she heard him speaking to her and saw him blush once more. She glanced down and saw a bulge on the front of his business-pants, wondering what he was so embarrassed about. Once she saw it, she quickly looked back up at his eyes and pretended not to notice the bulge. “Yes?”

“I'm sorry for spilling the water,” he repeated.

Danielle smiled. “It's alright. It was just a big surprise, is all. Thank you.”

“Tyler, we're out of here,” Michael Springs said. “Let's go.”

Tyler grinned at Danielle before he left the table. “It was nice meeting you, Miss Smith.” With that, he and Michael left Katherine and Danielle alone with the waiter, who had already finished cleaning the mess and was walking away.

Katherine looked at Danielle and raised an eyebrow. “So, should I even ask what happened?”

Danielle shrugged. “All that happened is Tyler spilled water on me.”

Katherine looked her assistant up and down with her eyes, but said nothing more than, “Mm-hm...”

She must notice that I'm not desperate anymore! Danielle thought. She must know that I wet myself!

Just then, Danielle looked in the direction of the restroom and saw a small maintenance team of three coming out. They were wearing belts around their waists, with all sorts of tools hanging from them, and hard hats on their heads. One of them was moving a cart with cleaning and repair equipment on it. Curious, Danielle rushed over towards them to find out what they were up to.

“Um, is the restroom available now?” Danielle asked.

One of the repair guys looked at Danielle and grinned as the rest of his team continued on. “It looks like we got everything fixed in there a little too late...”

Danielle looked down at her skirt blushed. “Oh, th-that! It-it's just water. Someone spilled it on me.”

The repair man nodded and his smile faded. “Well, the broken water line is fixed in there. It was a real mess, but it's alright to go in there now.”

“Alright, good,” Danielle said as the repair guy walked away. She looked at the restroom and thought about going in to empty her half-full bladder before she left.

She started to walk in that direction, but stopped in her tracks when she heard Katherine's voice. “Well, since you already wet yourself in your chair, Miss Smith, perhaps we should just leave.”

Danielle froze in place and blushed a bright red. She knows!

She turned around and looked at her boss, ready to protest. “But, Miss Andrews, I didn't-” Unfortunately, her words fell on deaf ears. Her boss was already walking away, with the bill for the meal in her hand, ready to pay for the food and leave.

No, not again! Danielle wanted to scream. I didn't let it all out, Miss Andrews! I still need to go! Instead of going into the restroom and taking care of her unfinished business, she hurried after her boss. She still had half of a day of work left to go and she had a bad feeling that her humiliating nightmare was not yet over.

*039*2013-10-19 21:26

Thanks everyone for the comments. I'm glad you all enjoy the story and I really like entertaining you all. This story has been the most fun for me to write, out of all of the Omorashi stories I have posted (even though the others were fun as well). It also looks like this story has been the most fun to read, out of the stories I have posted so far, based on the comments and ratings this story has gotten.

I just thought I'd let everyone know that the chapters I have already posted are only the first day of Danielle's new job and only the first half of that day, so that means there will be a lot more of the Omorashi content we all love.

*040*2013-10-21 00:51

10

An elderly man with a gray pony tail and bushy eyebrows stood behind a red pickup truck and watched with an eyebrow raised as Katherine and Danielle passed him, just a few feet away from Katherine's car. He was staring at Danielle's wet skirt and she blushed.

Everyone keeps staring at me! Danielle thought as Katherine pressed a button on her key chain and unlocked the doors of her car. She pulled open the front door on the passenger side and got in, happy that the elderly man was no longer able to see her.

Katherine got in the car next and looked at her assistant's wet clothing. She made the 'tsk tsk' sound and frowned. “What are we going to do with you?”

Danielle started wringing her hands nervously and she looked at her boss with a worried expression. “Miss Andrews, I really need to change my clothes. Maybe we could-”

Katherine shook her head. “Nope, we have work to do and we need to get back to the office.” She started the car and backed out of the parking space.

“Please, I can't go back to work in that building wearing wet clothes,” Danielle said.

Katherine grinned. “Tell everyone you got water spilled on you. It's believable. I'll even corroborate your story.”

Danielle didn't mean to, but she started to pout. “But, I can't work and walk around in wet clothes like this!”

Katherine shrugged. “Meh, I'll give you a fan you can put in your office and air dry yourself with. Also, don't pout like that. It's not very lady-like.”

Quickly composing herself, Danielle sat up straight, buckled her seat belt, and folded her hands calmly on her wet lap. She looked down and stared at her soaked skirt as her boss left the parking lot.

This is terrible! Danielle thought. Everyone is going to see that I'm wet and I'll be too embarrassed to tell them that it was from spilled water. Besides, I really did pee!

Hoping to take her mind off of her humiliation, Danielle thought about the possibility of being able to empty the rest of her bladder before her lunch break was over. Since the break started at twelve-thirty and ended at one, that would give her some time, right?

She glanced at her watch and saw that she still had fifteen minutes until her break was over. Alright, that should leave me with enough time to empty my bladder before I start working again. I can air dry with the fan and everything will be okay!

Feeling a little bit better, Danielle smiled and felt at ease, believing that everything was going to be okay. Forgetting her fear that Katherine had been pulling the strings behind her wetting experience, she was calm again. She leaned her head back against the seat, feeling a little exhausted from the strain of holding in a full bladder, and closed her eyes, planning to relax a little.

The ride to the office was a quiet and pleasant ride and Danielle dozed off. Katherine had a wicked grin on her face when she noticed her assistant drifting off into unconsciousness.

When they returned to the garage, Katherine parked her car and shut the vehicle off. “Hey, Sleeping Beauty, we're here.”

Danielle opened her eyes and looked around, feeling as if the car ride had only lasted seconds. Did I fall asleep and not realize it?

The two of them got out of the car and Danielle quickly rubbed her eyes with one hand. Once she was out, she saw two of the security guards from earlier. The tall security guard with the blonde pony tail and beard was one of them. When the two women walked out of the garage, he grinned and nodded his head when he saw Danielle's wet skirt.

Katherine noticed and pointed at him with her right index finger. “Hey, she had water spilled on her, you pervert.”

The security guard's smile disappeared and he scowled at Katherine, who in turn grinned at him and looked away.

“Thanks for covering for me,” Danielle said.

Katherine didn't respond to her assistant's appreciation as the two of them entered the back of the building and walked towards the lobby, which wasn't very full. There were only two or three people standing about and the man at the front desk that Danielle had seen that morning was there, but other than that, there was no one.

Katherine stopped Danielle in her tracks and looked into her eyes. “I have something to take care of down here. I need you to get back to your office and wait for me, alright?”

Danielle opened her mouth to protest. “But, Miss Andrews, I still-”

Katherine put her hands on her hips as Danielle shifted her purse to her left shoulder from her right. “Don't give me that 'but, but' nonsense. Just get up to your office and wait.”

Danielle turned and walked towards the elevators, deciding that it wasn't worth an argument. As she turned, she caught a glimpse of the man behind the front desk gawking at the back of her skirt with a smirk on his face. This is so embarrassing, she thought as she stood in front of the elevator and waited for it to get to the bottom floor.

When the doors finally opened, she saw David and his muscular arms, blue t-shirt, and gray khakis standing inside.

When David saw her, he smiled and started to greet her, but when he saw her wet skirt, he became expressionless. “Hey-ee... The hell?”

Danielle blushed bright red and covered her skirt with her purse. “I, uh, it-it's not what it looks like!”

David motioned for Danielle to enter. “It looks like you, um, wet yourself. You didn't, did you?”

The poor girl couldn't stop blushing, as she tried to explain. “Well, I was at a lunch meeting and, um, I, um, got water spilled on me.”

David nodded and smirked. “Well, have a nice afternoon, Miss Smith.” He walked out of the elevator and Danielle hit the button for the top floor. The doors closed behind him and she was happy to be alone, free from staring eyes.

Oh god, why did he have to see my wet skirt? Danielle wondered. He knows I wet myself and after hearing what I said this morning, he probably wants to rub it in my face.

When the elevator reached the top floor, the doors parted and she walked out. As she turned the corner and reached the guard station, there were three security guards there, including the large, dark-skinned guy who looked like he could kill a lion with his bear hands.

The guard that Danielle recognized held his hand up and looked down at her wet skirt. “Miss, you can't go through here. The card scanner quit working and we're fixing it.”

Danielle started shaking as the other two guards glanced at her wet clothes and one of them started to grin.

“Someone spilled water on me!” Danielle cried angrily. “Why won't everyone stop staring?!”

The large guard smiled at her reaction. “Hehe, that's what they all say isn't it?”

Becoming red with anger, she pointed down the hall. “I need to get to my office. Please let me through.”

The big guy shook his head. “No, sorry. You're going to have to wait here until we fix this thing. It's company policy ma'am.”

Company policy, great! Danielle pressed her back against the wall and looked down at the floor, becoming even more annoyed. Mister Company Policy, if you don't let me through in time, I won't be able to pee before the break is done and then I'll have to wait until my next break at...

She couldn't remember exactly when her next break was, but she had a feeling that it was pretty far off.

“Wow, this is terrible,” said one of the other two security guards, a short, overweight man with no hair on his head and small eyes. “We need to get Maintenance on this right away, possibly even someone from the Computer Repair department. The computer in this thing is shot.”

What in the hell happened to that thing? Danielle wondered. Hurry up and fix it please...

Suddenly, Katherine walked around the corner of the hall. She put her hands on her hips and sighed loudly. “What is happening now?”

The third guard, a tall, scrawny, tan-skinned man with glasses, said, “Miss Andrews, the card scanner is broken and no one can get through here until it's fixed.”

Danielle looked at her watch and it said 12:58. No, I'm almost out of time!

Katherine kept her hands on her hips and sighed again. “Screw the company policy, you guys. I'm Katherine Andrews, the one and only, so let my assistant and I in.”

Mister Company Policy, as Danielle named him, rolled his eyes. “Alright, whatever you say ma'am. Go on in.”

What?! Danielle cried inside of her head. When I really needed to pee earlier, you wouldn't let me through, but when Miss Andrews says 'screw it', you let her through?! What is with this double-standard?

She hurried after her boss, to their offices, and Katherine walked into the restroom, directly in front of her.

“Excuse me, I'll only be a moment,” Katherine said as she closed the door behind her.

You've got to be kidding... Danielle dropped her purse on the floor and put the palm of her hand over her eyes. She stood there like that for a few seconds before removing her hand from her eyes and picking up her purse. She walked up to the restroom door and gently knocked. “Um, Miss Andrews?”

After a short pause, her boss replied, “Go in your office and get to work. You already wet yourself in the restaurant, so you shouldn't need to come in here.”

Afraid to get in trouble, Danielle sighed and walked into Katherine's office. She then walked through the side door, into her own office, and took a seat behind her desk. She looked at her watch and sure enough, the lunch break was over. Great... Maybe I'll finally be able to pee into a toilet on my next break.

Since she had no choice, she pulled out her PDA and returned to work on her laptop computer. She still had two more presentations to work on, so she decided that she had better get to them.

*043*2013-10-21 23:19

{{: 

Omg, this is so... sadistic... I LOVE IT!

Please continue!

You're also very descriptive, which makes your story more fun to read.

}}

I try to be as descriptive as I can, but I forgot to give a description for how Katherine Andrews' appearance. I'm not sure what to do about that though.

I'm glad you love the story. Thanks for the comment!

*046*2013-10-22 20:34

I believe I forgot to describe what Katherine Andrews looks like, so I decided to try and put it in here, since I didn't want to leave that out, though I do think I mentioned her age somewhere, but I don't remember where... It annoys me that I forgot this important information, but here's another chapter, so enjoy.

11

Though she was well aware that the lunch break was over, Katherine Andrews didn't care. She was sitting on the toilet, in the restroom just outside of her office, with her black skirt and gray panties around her ankles. With her fingers, she was pleasing herself and breathing rapidly as she recalled everything that she had done to her assistant earlier in the day.

This is the first time I have ever had an assistant wet herself in a public place, outside of this very building, she thought. It was so exciting!

She pictured Danielle's wet skirt, wondering what her panties looked like, as she had never seen them. She really wanted to look up that lovely girl's skirt and see her wet underwear. She wanted to slide them down those lovely legs and lap up the pee and love juice that remained in the folds of her assistant's flower, with her tongue.

Mm, that would be so delicious... She was right on the edge of an orgasm as she thought about tasting Danielle's love juice and urine. Mm...

Katherine threw her head back and her long, light-brown hair hung down her back and nearly touched her butt down below, but it didn't quite reach. What shall I do to my lovely assistant this afternoon? I have already seen what half of a day will do to the girl. I must see to it that she does not enter this restroom until the day is done!

She wanted to plot everything she was going to do to Danielle right then, but as she reached the glorious orgasm she sought, she was unable to concentrate. “Oh, god...”

Katherine felt an urge to pee as she finished her orgasm and sighed. She opened up her sphincter and released a long torrent of pee from her hole. She let the stream fall into her fingers and flow between them before splashing into the toilet below, enjoying every second.

My dear assistant, it is unfortunate that you did not soak yourself in my car. I was really hoping that would happen, but, there's always tomorrow... When Katherine was finished peeing through her fingers, she was still really horny, so she returned to rubbing herself, ready to orgasm again. “Mm...”

Katherine closed her eyes and felt her thin, square-framed glasses start to slide down her nose, not caring if they fell off or not. She imagined what it would have been like if Danielle had wet herself in the passenger seat of the car. As inconvenient as it would have been for her to clean the mess afterward, it would have definitely been worth it.

In her mind, she looked up inside of Danielle's skirt and imagined the lovely girl's thighs pressed together as she sat in the passenger seat. She imagined catching a glimpse of her assistant's panties as the poor girl groaned and rubbed herself with both hands, trying to prevent her pee from gushing out and soaking the seat underneath her.

Are your undies red? Are they blue, gray, purple, or white? Dear Danielle, if only I could look up at them and watch as your liquid gold gushes out through them. The cruel woman imagined her assistant crying out as she lost her battle and the pee started to flow between her fingers, spraying in multiple directions.

I can't hold it in anymore, Miss Andrews, she heard her assistant say, deep in her thoughts. It's all going to come out. Katherine clenched her jaws as she imagined a puddle of pee forming under Danielle's butt and spilling over the edge of the seat, to the floor. She had another wonderful orgasm as she imagined the urine drizzling down, between Danielle's feet.

I hope to see you wet yourself in my car tomorrow, Danielle, Katherine thought as she finished her orgasm and removed her hand from between her thighs. Deciding that it was time to get back to work, she lifted her hand up and watched as two droplets of her urine slowly dripped off of her fingers and fell on her right leg, just above the knee.

With a sigh, Katherine grabbed some toilet paper and got to work drying off her hand. Once her hand was no longer covered with liquid, she wiped her lady parts and stood up.

Katherine pulled up her gray panties and then her black business-skirt. She flushed the toilet and walked to the sink where she washed her hands, ready to get back to business. She still needed to get a fan for Danielle to air dry with and was not about to let the poor thing get all sore from wearing wet clothes all day.

She looked at herself in the mirror, through her glasses, and smiled. “Well Katherine, you did well today. Always remember, if you want to be on top, you've got to be a lioness.”

She walked away from the sink and used a hand dryer on the wall to dry off her hands. Once that was done, she left the restroom and hurried out into the hall, to find a fan for Danielle to dry herself off with.

*048*2013-10-28 14:19

12

Danielle sat with her legs spread apart as the fan Katherine had gotten for her blew on her skirt and crotch, drying her off. It was sitting directly in front of her desk, pointed up at her, and had only been going for a couple of minutes. Though she wanted her clothes to be dry, she did not like the experience one bit.

This fan is making me cold! Danielle thought.

She was making progress on the fourth presentation, but with her bladder a little over half full and the air from the fan just about freezing her nether regions, she lost her concentration due to a strong urge to pee.

The poor girl clenched her holding muscles and pressed her legs together as she nearly lost a spurt into her already wet panties. No, I can't start leaking already!

When the urge faded away and she was able to comfortably hold in the contents of her bladder again, she spread her legs apart and returned to her work.

I hate using this damn fan to get dry! Danielle thought. If only I could have just gotten a change of clothes...

“Hey, I've got something for you,” said a voice, suddenly startling Danielle as she stared at the computer screen in front of her. She jumped in surprise and looked up. Katherine was standing there, with another bottle of water for her.

“Um, no thank you Miss Andrews,” Danielle said. “I'm really not very thirsty right now.”

Katherine smirked and set the bottle on the desk. “Well, you made quite a puddle back at the restaurant and I imagine you were probably sweating a lot, from the strain of trying not to wet yourself. You are probably dehydrated, so I expect you to drink this water.”

She hesitated, but Danielle grabbed the bottle and unscrewed the cap. She took a little sip and put the cap back on. The water inside was grape-flavored and she liked the taste, but didn't have any interest in drinking it. What are you trying to do to me, Miss Andrews?

Katherine turned and walked out of the side office. Danielle glared at her boss's back and set the water down on the floor beside her desk. Maybe I'm not being paranoid. Maybe you're screwing with me and trying to make me wet myself again. It's not going to work this time, Miss Andrews.

Determined to get her work done before her next break, she returned to working on the fourth presentation. As the minutes ticked by, the moisture in her clothing faded away and she caught her boss glancing at her at least once every ten minutes. Feeling a little uneasy, Danielle grabbed the bottle of water and took a drink every time her eyes met with Katherine's.

When Danielle finally finished the fourth presentation, it was two-thirty and the bottle of water she had been drinking from was nearly empty. Her bladder was starting to cause her quite a bit of discomfort by then, but she wasn't the least bit worried.

There will be another break at three and I'm sure I can make it until then, Danielle thought. She quickly got up from behind her desk and walked around to the front so she could turn off the fan and move it to a corner of the room, where it was out of the way.

As she returned to her seat, she looked at the almighty Ms. Andrews and smiled. If you were planning on seeing me wet myself again, it's not going to happen!

She quickly looked over her work and when she was satisfied with the quality of the finished project, she made sure to save it again and begin the final presentation. I can make it until three. It's just a little under half an hour away. I know I can make it.

Danielle worked on her final project as the minutes continued ticking by, waiting for the opportunity to finally empty her bladder for the first time, since waking up that morning. When three o'clock was only ten minutes away, Danielle was bouncing her legs up and down and repeatedly glancing at her watch. Damn, that water Miss Andrews gave me went right through me. I really need to pee right now, but I can make it ten more minutes.

As the last ten minutes passed, she was unable to concentrate on her work. She was becoming aroused as she started bouncing up and down in her seat. She kept looking at her watch and back at her computer until she only had five minutes left to wait.

Come on break, hurry up and get here! Danielle thought as the five remaining minutes became three minutes.

It's almost break time! Another minute passed. Then another. With only a minute left, Danielle placed one hand between her legs and gently rubbed her womanhood through her skirt and panties. Almost there! I can make it one more minute!

The last minute felt like an eternity to Danielle as she watched the seconds pass. Come on, hurry!

Her eyes grew wide when three finally arrived and she placed the palms of her hands on her desk. She looked at Katherine as she started to lift herself up. She stopped in her tracks when she saw her boss going over files and taking a sip of water from a bottle of her own, making no move to get up.

Maybe she doesn't realize that it's three already, Danielle thought.

She pushed herself up and got out of the chair with her legs pressed together. With a sigh, she walked out from behind her desk and left her office. She turned and walked towards the doors of Katherine's office.

Danielle was only a few feet away from freedom and finding relief when her boss asked, “Where do you think you're going?”

She turned around and looked at her boss. “It's time for another break, right? It's three.”

Katherine shook her head. “No, our next break doesn't come until four.”

No, it can't be! Danielle wanted to shout. Instead of saying what was on her mind, she smiled and slowly returned to her office. Just another hour. I can make it. I'll be uncomfortable until then, but I can do it!

She walked back behind her desk and took a seat. As soon as she sat down, she groaned quietly and placed one hand between her legs. Why did I not know that the next break was at four? Why didn't she tell me? I thought that each break was two hours apart...

Frantically, she pulled her hand away from her crotch and crossed her legs as she grabbed her PDA. She quickly looked through and sure enough, all of the information she needed was there.

No! She tossed the PDA back down on the top of her desk and placed both hands between her legs. Oh god, I need to pee so badly! I have got to make it until four! I must! Why do I need to pee so badly, this soon?!

Danielle reached down and picked up the bottle of flavored water. Feeling a little suspicious, she looked at Katherine. Her boss was looking down at the files in front of her with a smirk on her face. She must have put something in the water!

Hoping she could make it another hour, she set the bottle back down on the floor and looked at her computer screen, but was too focused on her bladder to get any work done.

