(Futanari) First time

Author: Ankonia

*000*2021-12-27 16:50

Hello! This is my first story, sorry if it's not perfectly written. I hope you enjoy!

Marie is a beautiful 20 year old Futanari girl with a big butt and nice breasts. His passion for Omorashi began one evening while he was playing online with friends at a Battle royal. She wore black knickers, tight gray leggings and a sporty black top.It had been over two hours since Marie started playing and she was desperate because in that time she drank a 1.5 liter bottle of water and hadn't gone to the bathroom for more than three hours.She was in the middle of a game when a pang in her stomach causes her to lose some urine so I lightly wet her underwear. He couldn't quit the game because after a long time they were surviving longer than usual.

To keep him from losing this match as well, he crossed his legs strongly as his penis was erect in between. After only 10 seconds another leak causes the front of the panties to get wet completely and the tip of the penis on the leggings to get wet as well.A long stream of pee that reached the tits began to come out of the penis making the leggings and top wet completely.Marie has never felt so horny, she loved the sensation of hot pee on her, so much so that after winning the game she continued to play in her leggings and wet top again.

After finishing the game she cleaned up the mess she washed up and went to sleep thinking how to get wet again.

If you want the continuation of the story you can suggest me some ideas

