Untitled Omorashi

Author: Ritsuka

*000*2011-04-07 16:52

This is my first omorashi fic, it does feature male desperation, wetting and slash (yaoi). The two main characters are Joseph Gao and Lenny Berkowitz. Joseph is a somewhat short but commanding Asian crossdresser, and Lenny is a medium height and very submissive blonde gothic boy. Please enjoy the product of my day home alone. :3

### Silvery-

###

Lenny walked through the cafeteria with a tray of school food, or as Joseph would put it, not food. A white bell sleeve with black trim shot up in the air and waved back and forth. Lenny scurried over to the table and sat down.

"Nya~," Joseph sang out smiling and rubbing his head against Lenny's shoulder like a cat. Lenny stroked the boy's hair.

"Hi, kitty," He said playing with the long chunks of hair near Joseph's chest. (Think reverse mullet :3) Then taking a bite of "pizza".

"How can you eat that crap?" Joseph asked making a disgusted face. Lenny shrugged.

"I can eat anything when hungry."

"Gross," Joseph mumbled watching Lenny scarf down the not food and chug the not milk.

"Ah~," Lenny sighed, Joseph went back to picking at his food silently, students were not permitted to bring lunch, in case of allergies or whatever. He pushed his tray forward, not caring if he would be hungry later, no way was he eating that.

"You can have it," Joseph mumbled as if reading Lenny's mind. The other lit up, but only grabbed Joseph's water bottle, which was filled with school made iced tea. Joseph had once stated that it tasted like hard water with iced tea powder mixed in. Joseph made a face as he watched the taller boy drink it, but in truth it tasted better than milk.

Ring Ring

"I'll see you after school," Joseph mumbled before getting up and walking away. Lenny stood up and walked to class, the two had last lunch so there was only one class left before he could go home...well to Joseph's home...even though that was his home, technically.

###

"Okay kids, today we're going to be taking the Vietnam test," Ms. Bershadensky, the fudgy Russian history teacher said, passing out the test, it was three pages long, front and back.

Lenny groaned inwardly as he read the test, he was never a history buff. He started filling in the answers.

Name one leader of the South Vietnamese Anti-Communist Forces

He thought back to the study session Joseph had done with him, and almost as if his hand were guided by his thoughts, he wrote down :

Thieu Van Nguyen

Who wrote the Vietnamese Declaration of Independence?

Ho Chi Minh

Lenny continued blindly writing answers, and before he knew it, he'd finished the test and class was over. He heard a few people groan, most likely the people that hadn't finished the test, and wouldn't have a chance to.

"I'm surprised, Mr. Berkowitz," Ms. Bershadensky said smiling, "You never finish your tests."

"Thanks," Lenny mumbled and walked out of the room towards his locker, as he did he felt a slight pressure in his abdomen. He looked at his phone, he didn't have time to stop to use the bathroom, or he'd miss the train, he chewed his lip nervously and quickly threw his stuff into his back pack.

'No worries,' He thought to himself, 'It's not that urgent.'

"Lenny~!" Came the airy voice of Joseph, who was briskly walking towards Lenny and playing with the hem of his dress.

"Hey!" Lenny said forgetting his need completely as the two walked towards the train station. Lenny reached out and took the shorter boy's hand, who blushed and smiled. They got to the train station in record time, "One ticket please," Lenny said. The clerk looked at Joseph.

"How old are you?" She asked.

"Twelve ma'am," Joseph lied, the woman looked suspicious but she couldn't really question the two.

"Okay," she sighed and began to print out a ticket. Suddenly the machine made a whirring noise and stopped. Joseph covered his nose after smelling the burnt out machine's fumes. The woman sighed and began to try to fix it, as if this happened all the time. Lenny felt the pressure in his abdomen return, stronger than before.

"How long is this going to take?" He asked shifting his weight to his left foot.

"Not long..." The woman sighed, "This there and that there, pull this and...done..." she hit the print button and the ticket popped out, she handed it to Lenny.

"You girls have a safe trip," She called after them, Lenny grimaced. He didn't like being mistaken for a girl.

"Oh calm down," Joseph said squeezing his hand, "Take it as a compliment, girls are pretty!"

"Yeah, yeah..." Lenny grumbled feeling less than comfortable

'It's only a fifteen minute train ride,' He told himself, placing a hand over his abdomen, 'You'll be fine.'

The train started to move, Joseph was humming a song with his eyes closed as he swayed with the movement of the train. Lenny could feel his bladder filling, he moved his legs closer together. Joseph opened his eyes and looked at Lenny.

"You okay?" He asked, "Your face is all red."

"I-I'm fine!" Lenny stuttered squeezing his legs together a little. Joseph shrugged, the train hit a bump. Lenny nearly groaned as the motion hit his bladder and he nearly fell over.

"Y'Know," Joseph said looking concerned, "If you stand like that you're balance will be off," He said motioning to Lenny's legs.

"It's fine," Lenny sighed, Joseph sighed. Lenny was stubborn, he never bothered others with his problems.

"Okay then," Joseph said, putting in head phones on, and started sort of dancing and singing, "He started winking, and oh it got me thinking, about all that dirty shit I did last weekend~"

Lenny wanted to tell him to stop, Joseph knew that Lenny found this kind of thing sexy, but the younger boy looked so happy he couldn't bring himself to do it.

"If tomorrow never comes, well at least we had fun, so drink up, drink up, Live Fast, Die Young!" The small Asian was shaking his slim hips with beat that Lenny knew all too well. He shifted his weight from foot to foot as he felt the pressure increase. The train stopped, Lenny whined as the movement jolted his bladder. He dragged the little dress-clad boy off the train much faster than said dress-clad boy would have liked.

"Come on," Lenny grunted, Joseph looked at him. Lenny was shifting his weight from foot to foot and awkwardly shuffling his feet.

"Bạn phải sử dụng phòng tắm?[1]" Joseph asked, Lenny wasn't the greatest Vietnamese speaker in the world, but he understood the question.

"Daa," Lenny responded. Joseph looked worried, before taking the lead and walking quicker.

"Có thể bạn giữ nó?" Joseph asked softly.

"Toi khong biet..." Lenny mumbled, Joseph pulled his hand a little.

"Come on," Joseph said hurriedly. Lenny groaned as his bladder spasmed. He followed Joseph obediently.

"Ah..AH!" Lenny stopped, doubled over holding his crotch. Joseph watched him sympathetically. Lenny regained his composure and the two continued.

'No...no...this can't be happening,' Lenny thought to himself, tears forming in his eyes as his bladder spasmed again.

"It hurts..." He whimpered, Joseph took his other hand.

"Come on, we're home, we just have to get upstairs..." Joseph said pulling Lenny into the apartment complex. The two scurried over to the elevator and pressed the button.

"Sorry kids, elevator's down," The doorman said.

"What?" Lenny squeaked, Joseph sighed and bolted towards the stairs with Lenny in tow. Two flights of stairs later, Lenny was on the edge of tears and holding himself with both hands.

"Come on, we're almost there," Joseph said comfortingly, Lenny shook his head.

"I can't do it..." He mumbled, the pressure in his bladder had become nearly unbearable.

"Yes you can," Joseph urged, but as soon as Lenny took a step he felt a spurt soak his underwear.

"I can't, I can't," He cried out, his face red and a few tears ran down his cheeks. He felt his bladder spasm and squeezed his crotch trying to hold back the inevitable flood. Joseph watched as Lenny sank to the floor still holding himself tightly.

"Come on, get up, we're almost there," Joseph urged, Lenny shook his head, knowing that if he moved he was going to wet himself. He felt another spurt soak through his underwear and get caught by the thick denim of his jeans.

"I can't hold it anymore," He whispered clutching himself tightly, he felt another spurt leak into his pants, this time he couldn't regain control though.

"...No...Nooo..." He moaned as the stream grew stronger and stronger. Joseph watched silently and sympathetically as the blonde wet himself in the middle of the hall.

"...Stop..." Lenny mumbled to his body, even though he knew it would do nothing. The puddle beneath him was growing as fast as the shame in his chest. Though he couldn't deny that it felt good and relieving. He sighed as the stream slowed, then stopped.

"L-Lenny..."

"You must hate me now..." Lenny mumbled sniffling, he looked up when he heard a small splashing sound. Joseph was standing barefoot directly in front of him.

"I could never hate you," Joseph said, Lenny looked down at the floor, "Look at me."

"Wha-mph!" Lenny was cut off as Joseph kissed him tenderly.

"Shut up, and let's go before someone sees this," Joseph said smiling holding his hand out for Lenny to take.

"Now your feet are wet," Lenny sniffled, Joseph shook his head.

"It's fine," He said picking his shoes up with one hand, and holding Lenny's hand with the other. They got to the door and Joseph put his shoes down before pulling a key out of one of them and unlocking the door, "Go take a shower," he said slapping the boy's wet bottom, "I'll even come with you if you want," He smirked and winked.

"Uhm, uh, that, uhm, uh...won't be necessary?" Lenny stuttered blushing.

"If you say so," Joseph said shrugging, and walking towards their bedroom.

"Actually..I'd...I'd like that," Lenny mumbled just audible to Joseph who turned around slowly.

"I knew you'd come to your senses."

### The End ###

:3 My first Omorashi fic, be nice pwease... no flames please.... hope you enjoyed :3 ;o;

*002*2011-04-08 14:52

{{: 

Cross-dressing seme + stubborn uke who appears to be seme at the beginning, yaoi, male desperation and wetting..?

All of my favourite things rolled into one fic! You did an excellent job with this and brought more male omorashi to the site!

Awesome job and hope to read more fics from you! 83

}}

:3 Thank you~!

I tried hard x3

