Count Wetula - An erotic parody of Dracula

Author: lucywild

*000*2015-10-13 13:29

Hi all. I've been doing a few omorashi parodies of fairytales recently, Cinderwetta, Hansel and Wetel, that kind of thing. Here's my fairly faithful take on the classic Bram Stoker's Dracula with a simple twist. Instead of needing blood to survive, Countess Wetula needs a slightly different fluid to sustain her eternal life. Hope you like it!

Count Wetula

Lucy Wild

A vampire meets a victim desperate to please

Chapter 1

Jennifer Harker’s Journal

2 May – Left Munich at 8.35 on 1st May, arriving in Vienna early the next morning. Should have arrived at 6.46 but the train was an hour late. We sat outside the station and I became increasingly uncomfortable, the toilet having been out of order since leaving the German border. At 6.10 I could no longer wait and sought relief somewhere within the carriage. I was corralled in a four seater with two women and a lone individual who gave all the indications of being sound asleep. I found a coffee mug under my seat and whilst my bladder threatened to overflow at any moment, I placed a blanket across my lap before raising my skirts to my waist. I glanced across as the sleeping figure opposite me stirred momentarily before settling again. I could last no longer so pulled my panties to one side and pressed the mug against my pussy. The coldness of the ceramic sent a chill through me as I relaxed my body and felt a trickle of pee drip into the mug.

At that point the train jerked forward and one of the women awoke with a yawn. She muttered a good morning to me in German whilst I held my breath, the mug remaining in place whilst I fought to prevent any further pee from escaping.

As the woman turned to stare out of the window I tried to let a rivulet of urine escape me to ease the pressure upon my bladder. Sadly the noise was such that the woman turned back to me and stared with a frown forming upon her features. I coughed loudly to hide the hissing sound as best I could whilst what felt like a torrential river leaked from me into the mug.

The woman smiled as she seemed to realise what I was doing. “English?” she whispered, glancing across at her companion. I nodded in response. “I need pee also,” she said.

I nodded again, realising modesty was beyond me at this point. Pee flowed out of me until I glanced under my blanket, realising the mug was close to overflowing. As I looked up again, the blanket slipped down to reveal my spread legs and bare pussy to the woman’s shocked gaze.

She put a finger to her lips as the last of the pee dribbled from me, running down the side of the completely full mug. I put the mug beside me as I brushed my skirt back down into place. The woman picked up the mug. “I use?” she asked.

“It will need emptying first,” I replied quietly.

The woman nodded and then pressed the mug to her lips, gulping down the contents in an instant. I was shocked to my core at the sight, realising what I thought I knew of Europe was but a pinprick. Once she drained the mug, she raised her own skirts without attempting to hide from view. I caught sight of her pussy as she pressed the mug between her legs and immediately sighed with relief as pee gushed from her. It sprayed across the carriage, most of it missing the mug before she regained control and the drinking vessel began to noisily fill with urine.

“I cannot stop,” she said in panic as the mug filled. Not wanting the others to awaken, I realised I had to help. I took the mug from her as she held her bladder in check, wriggling on her seat as she did so. I looked at the contents and then held my breath as I drank down the pee, finding it surprisingly warming in the chill of the morning.

Once drained, I passed back the mug and the woman finished urinating within it. She did not lower her skirts when she had ended her task, instead smiling at me as she began to gently stroke herself. I found myself unable to look away, staring in silence as she masturbated gently, her eyes closed. I could not resist reaching down as my own body began to awaken with desire. I found the end of my skirts and raised them until I was able to copy her movements on my own pussy. We sat staring at each other as we touched ourselves. My clitoris throbbed with desire as I stroked it and to my surprise the woman moved to her knees and shuffled across the carriage, her tongue stretching out to lap at my juices.

I stifled a gasp as she expertly delved inside me, her hand remaining on her pussy as she brought me towards climax. When she dipped two fingers into me, it sent me over the edge and I came, biting my lip to keep as quiet as I could, a moan escaping me as my pussy twitched around her digits.

Once I’d calmed down again, I glanced down to see her reach her own orgasm a moment later. She looked as if she might scream and in my desire to keep her silent, I embraced her, plunging my tongue into her mouth and stifling her noises to little more than a whimper.

She pulled away from me as the train moved into the station and once we came to a stop at the platform I rose before she, leaving the train for a glimpse at Budapest. I walked through the streets for as long as I dared, trying to clear my head from the secret encounter I’d just experienced. I feared moving too far from the station, for as we’d arrived late I knew we would start as near the correct time as possible.

The impression I had when we entered the East over the Danube which was of noble width and depth, took us among the traditions of Turkish rule.

We left in good time but my companion was nowhere to be seen. At nightfall we reached Klausenpiss. Here I spent the night at the Hotel Desperate. I had for supper a chicken done up with red pepper, which was good but thirst inducing. I asked for the waitress and she said it was called paprika hendl and that it was a national dish I should be able to get anywhere along the Carpathians.

I found my own smattering of German useful here and indeed I don’t know how I would have got on without it. Having some time at my disposal when back in London I had visited the British Museum and searched among the books and maps in the library regarding Transylvania. It had struck me that some foreknowledge of the country could hardly fail to have some importance in dealing with a noblewoman of that country.

I found the district she named laid in the extreme east of the country on the borders of Transylvania, Moldavia and Bukovina in the midst of the Carpathian mountains, one of the wildest and least known portions of Europe.

I was not able to light on any map giving the exact locality of Castle Wetula as there were no maps of this country as yet to compare with our own Ordnance Survey Maps. I found that Pissritz, the post town named by Countess Wetula is a fairly well known place. I shall enter here some of my notes so they might refresh my memory when I talk over my travels.

I did not sleep well though my bed was comfortable enough for I had all sorts of queer dreams. It may have been the paprika for I had to drink all the water in my carafe and was still thirsty. Towards morning I slept at last and was wakened by continuous knocking at my door.

I opened it to find a maid carrying a chamber pot. She spoke neither English or German and I was unable to make her aware of my desire for privacy. As such I had no choice, the water within me making me desperate to urinate, but to go in front of her.

She set the chamber pot on the floor and helped me remove my nightgown. Once naked I squatted over the pot and to my surprise the maid lowered herself to her knees and pulled apart my pussy lips, ignoring my protests. Unable to hold in my pee any longer I began to urinate and I found the flow ran through her fingers before beginning to fill the pot. As I peed, her fingers brushed over my clitoris and a shiver ran through me. At the sight of my surprise, the maid planted a kiss on my lips, moving her hand under the flow of my pee until she slid a finger up into me. She continued to kiss me until I had finished peeing, whereupon she slid the pot into her hands and poured the contents over her uniform.

It soaked the fabric in such a way that the shape of her body became visible to me, her nipples stiff and pointing in my direction. She pushed me onto my back on the floor and climbed onto me, continuing to finger me as she planted soft kisses on my neck. I found my hand moved up her dress to her naked bottom and I could not resist groping and squeezing her round buttocks as she gasped for breath. When I found the hole between her cheeks I went to move on but she pushed back onto my hand and then I was inside her bottom. She rocked against my finger as she continued to fuck me until I could last no longer. An orgasm raced through my body as she rubbed her pussy against my thigh, using me to reach her own climax within a minute.

Once she had recovered from her orgasm, she stood up and curtseyed, carrying away the chamber pot and leaving me to dress myself for the day.

For breakfast I had more paprika and a sort of porridge which they called mamaliga, a very excellent dish. I had to hurry to carry the train and rushed to the station with the morning coffee sloshing around inside me. I had to sit in the carriage for over an hour before we began to move. It seems to me that the further east you go, the more unpunctual the trains are. What must they be like in China?

All day long my need to pee grew ever stronger as we dawdled through a country which was full of beauty of every kind. Sometimes we saw little towns or castles on the top of steep hills, sometimes we ran by rivers and streams which made my need to pee ever stronger until I could not sit still upon my seat.

At every station there were groups of people in all sorts of attire. Some of them were just like the peasants at home with short jackets, round hats and home made trousers but others were very picturesque.

The women looked pretty except when you got near them for they all seemed to have dark stains upon their crotches. They stood in full white sleeves and most of them had big belts with strips of something fluttering from them like the dresses in a ballet but of course there were wet petticoats under them.

It was on the dark side of twilight when we got to Pissritz which is a very interesting old place. I was positively bursting for the toilet, cursing the lack of facilities in my train when I reached the Golden Shower Hotel which Countess Wetula had directed me towards. I found it thoroughly old fashioned and I was obviously expected for when I got near the door I faced a cheery looking elderly woman in the usual peasant dress – white undergarment with a long double apron of coloured stuff that fitted too tight for modesty, her nipples almost visible as her breasts spilled over the tip. When I came close she bowed, her breasts falling free as she said, “Frau Englishwoman?”

“Yes,” I said. “Jennifer Harker. I must use your toilet before I go any further.”

She smiled and gave some message to an elderly man in white shirtsleeves who had followed her to the door. He went but immediately returned with a letter which I read whilst wriggling on the spot, my bladder threatening to explode at any moment.

“My friend, welcome to the Carpathians. I am anxiously expecting you. Sleep well tonight. At three tomorrow the diligence will start for Bukovina, a place on it is kept for you. At the Borgo Pass my carriage will await you and bring you to me. I trust that your journey from London has been a happy one and that you will enjoy your stay in my beautiful land – Your friend, Wetula.”

I looked up at the woman whose boobs were still hanging free from the front of her dress. “The toilet?” I asked but she just frowned. I mimed the motion of urinating and to my chagrin she misunderstood entirely. She murmured to herself before shrugging and then lifting her skirts to her waist. She squatted in the dirt and began to pee, all the time looking up at me for approval as I tried to get her to stop.

The sight of her urinating so freely made my own bladder lose control and I felt a leaking trickle run down my thigh having soaked through my panties in less than a second. I sighed to myself before squatting beside the woman and pulling my knickers to one side so that the rest of my pee could sink into the ground under my feet. As I peed I let out a deep sigh of relief whilst the other guests of the hotel walked past without batting an eyelid as if this were a common occurrence in this country.

4 May - I found that my landlord had got a letter from the Countess, directing him to secure the best place on the coach for me but on making inquiries as to details he seemed somewhat reticent and pretended he could not understand my German.

This could not be true because up to then he had understood it perfectly, at least he answered my questions exactly as if he did.

He and his wife, the old lady who had peed for me, looked at each other in a frightened sort of way. He mumbled out that the money had been sent in a letter and that was all he knew. When I asked him if he knew Countess Wetula and could tell me anything of her castle, both he and his wife crossed themselves and saying they knew nothing at all, simply refused to speak further. It was so near the time of starting that I had no time to ask anyone else so it was all very mysterious to me.

Just as I was about to leave I lay on my bed and decided the best way to relax for the journey was by masturbating. I found an unused candle upon the dresser and gripped it tightly as I stroked my clit until my pussy was wet and ready. I slid the candle slowly into myself, using it to bring me to the peak of pleasure I knew so well. At that moment the old lady burst into my room and said in a hysterical way, “Must you go? Oh young Frau must you go?” She was in such an excited state that she seemed to have lost her grip of what German she knew and mixed it up with some other language which I did not know at all.

I tried to tell her to leave but she refused to listen, seeming not to notice the candle buried inside me as she gripped my hands in hers and spoke in that strange language again.

“I will prevent you from leaving,” she said, glancing down between my legs. Before I could protest she took hold of the candle and began to fuck me with it, her mouth finding my clit which she took between her soft lips and sucked at gently. I lay back and let a sigh escape me, no longer wishing her to stop.

She teased me by speeding up and slowing down over and over until I was screaming to be allowed to orgasm. She smiled up at me as she rammed the candle home and licked frantically at my clit, finally taking me over the edge to the climax I had been desperate to achieve.

Once I was able to breathe normally again, I looked up to find her again admonishing me not to leave.

“I must go at once,” I said, telling her that I was engaged on important business.

“Do you know what day it is?” I answered that it was the fourth of May. She shook her head and spoke again. “Oh yes I know that. But do you know what day it is?”

On my saying I did not understand she went on.

“It is the eve of St George’s Day. Tonight when the clock strikes midnight all the evil things in the world will have full sway. Do you know where you are going and what you are going to?” She was in such evident distress that I tried to comfort her, finding my hand running over her breasts which fell easily from the top of her simple dress. I took her nipples in my mouth as she continued to mumble at me, her eyes wide.

I fell to my knees and lifted her skirts, pushing her back onto my bed before clambering up her body, kissing each part of her that came into my reach. When I reached her pussy I licked her in the way she had done to me. She raised her knees and spread her buttocks apart and thinking of the only way to distract her, I picked up the candle and pushed it towards the tiny hole that had become exposed.

As I licked at her pussy I plunged the candle deep into her bottom and she at last stopped talking, only letting out a sigh of approval at my movements. I fucked her anus with the candle as I licked the juices that dripped from her pussy. As I rammed the candle deep into her she began to pee, a surprisingly strong flow that hit the back of my throat before I knew what was happening. The hot urine dripped from my chin as she screamed her way to an orgasm.

I thought as she recovered that she would leave me be but she sank to her knees on the floor, the candle exiting her body and falling to the floor as she implored me not to go, at least to wait a day or two before starting.

It was all very ridiculous but there was business to be done and I could allow nothing to interfere with it. I tried to raise her up and said as gravely as I could whilst planting kisses on her lips that my duty was imperative and I must go.

She rose and dried her eyes and taking a phallic shaped length of glass from around her neck, offered it to me.

I did not know what to do for as a polite Englishwoman, such a sight seemed obscene and yet it seemed so ungracious to refuse an old lady meaning so well and in such a state of mind.

She saw the doubt in my face for she put the dildo in my pocket and said, “For the sake of your health,” and went out of the room.

I am writing up this part of the diary whilst I wait for the coach and I can feel the smoothness of the dildo in my pocket. Glancing around the waiting room I saw I was alone and I felt unable to resist testing out the device she had given me. I slid the length of smooth glass under my skirt and slipped it into me. It sank into my depths easily as if designed just right to fit my shape. I wondered about how she had enjoyed the touch of my candle in her bottom and I found myself moving the dildo under me until it slid just inside my anus, the hole stretching to accommodate the glass cock. As I pushed it as far as it could go the door to the waiting room opened and a group of people walked in. I was forced to leave the dildo in my bottom as I sat as upright as I could, every movement making it shift inside me, forming juices on my pussy as I fought to hide my arousal from those present.

Soon their coach came and they left and once alone again, I was able to retrieve the dildo and slide it back and forth into my bottom, finding the sensation more pleasurable than I had anticipated. I fucked my hole faster as I rubbed my clit, bringing myself to a moaning orgasm just as my coach pulled up.

Whether it was the old lady’s fear or the ghostly traditions of this place I did not know but I am not feeling nearly as easy in my mind as usual.

5 May - The Castle. The grey of the morning has passed and the sun is high over the distant horizon which seems jagged, whether with trees or hills I know not for it is so far off that big things and little are mixed.

I am not sleepy and as I not to be called until I awake, I naturally write until sleep comes. There are many odd things to put down and lest who reads them may fancy that I dined too well before I left Pissritz, let me put down my dinner exactly.

I dined on what they call robber steak, bits of bacon, onion and beef seasoned with red pepper and strung on sticks to be roasted over the fire. The wine was Golden Shower which produces a queer sting on the tongue which is however not disagreeable. I had only a couple of glasses of this and nothing else.

When I got on the coach the driver had not taken his seat and I saw him talking to the landlady. They were evidently talking of me for every now and then they looked at me and some of the people who were sitting on the bench outside the door came and listened and then looked at me, most of them pityingly. I could hear a lot of words often repeated, queer words for there were many nationalities in the crowd so I quietly got out my polyglot dictionary from my bag and looked them up.

I must say they were not cheering to me for among them were Piss, Toilet, Urine and Vampire.

When we started out, the crowd around the inn door all made the sign of the flush and pointed a finger at me. With some difficulty I got a fellow passenger to tell me what they meant. He explained it was a charm or guard against the wet vampire’s evil eye.

I shall never forget the last glimpse I had of the inn yard and its crowd of picturesque figures all wetting on the floor as they stood around the wide archway. Then our driver cracked his big whip over his four small horses and we set off on our journey.

I soon lost sight of ghostly fears in the beauty of the scene as we drove along. Before us lay a green sloping land full of forests and woods with here and there steep hills crowned with clumps of trees or with farmhouses. The road was rugged but still we seemed to fly over it with a feverish haste. The Golden Shower wine in me soon worked its way to my bladder so that each jolt of the coach made me wince as my need to pee began to grow.

I could not understand what the haste meant but the driver was evidently bent on losing no time in reaching Borgo Prund. The sun began to sink as we passed by a white gleam of falling water. One of my companions touched my arm as we swept past and I realised I was not alone in needing to pee.

We tried to call for the coach driver to stop momentarily so we could pee but he either ignored us or did not hear us over the noise of the horses.

It did not help that by the roadside were many peasant men and women who squatted as we approached and began to pee. There were many things new to me in this land such as this. Sometimes the hills were so steep that despite our driver’s haste the horses could only go slowly. The only stop he would make was a moment’s pause to light his lamps.

As he did so we all jumped down from the coach and to my surprise a peasant woman ran over and prostrated herself before us, making the flushing motion with her hand that I had last seen at the inn.

The others seemed to know what she intended for one after another they began to pee on her. She lay there in her dress which soon became soaked with urine as I squirmed on the spot, unsure what to do to relieve myself.

The others looked expectantly at me as they finished and not wishing to offend them I lifted my dress and squatted over the peasant who nodded up at me. My bladder was so overfilled that in an instant a waterfall of piss sprayed down onto her. I let out a gasp as she reached up and tickled my clit with her fingers whilst I could not yet stop urinating. The others stood watching in silence as she teased and tormented my pussy with her expert hands, all the while pee continuing to fall from me.

The last trickle was leaving my body when she plunged a finger into me and raised her mouth to my clit, licking it in such a way that brought an orgasm out of me in moments. I gasped with delight as my body spasmed whilst the coach driver called for us to return to our seats.

We rode on and finally arrived at our destination in the darkness of the deep night. The coach driver spoke up as he pulled up to stop. “There is no carriage awaiting you Frau. You should come on with us to Bukovina and return tomorrow.” Whilst he spoke the horses began to neigh and snort and amongst a chorus of screams from the peasants a caleche with four horses drove up and stopped beside us. I could see that the horses were coal black and splendid animals. They were driven by a tall man with a long brown beard and a great black hat which seemed to hide his face from us.

He said to the driver, “You are early tonight my friend.”

The man stammered in reply. “The English Frau was in a hurry.”

To which the stranger replied, “That is why, I suppose you wished him to go on to Bukovina. You cannot deceive me my friend. I know too much and my horses are swift.

As he spoke he smiled and the lamplight fell on a hard looking mouth with red lips and sharp looking teeth as white as ivory. “Give me the Frau’s luggage.” With exceeding alacrity my bags were handed out and put in the caleche. Then I descended and was caught in a grip of steel. Without a word the man shook his reins and we swept into the darkness of the pass. I felt a strange chill and a lonely feeling came over me. But a cloak was thrown over my shoulders and a rug across my knees and the driver said, “The night is chill and my master the Countess bade me take all care of you. There is a flask of plum brandy underneath the seat if you should require it.”

I sipped at the alcohol as we drove on. When I struck a match and by its flame looked at my watch, I was shocked to find we were within a few minutes of midnight. I felt a sick feeling of suspense as the alcohol within me ran down into my bladder. Then a dog began to howl somewhere down the road. The sound was taken up by another dog and then another as a wild howling began which seemed to come from all over whilst my body grew increasingly tense.

At the first howl the horses began to strain but the driver spoke to them soothingly and they quieted down but shivered as though after a runaway from sudden fright. Then far off began a louder and sharper howling of wolves which affected the horses once more as I was terrified by the noise, my need to pee becoming ever more urgent as fear took over my body.

The driver again petted and soothed the horses until they became manageable once more. Soon we were hemmed in with trees which arched right over the roadway as though we passed through a tunnel. The baying of wolves sounded nearer and nearer as though they were closing round on us from every side. I grew dreadfully afraid until my bladder lost control and I found myself wetting my underwear in my seat, the warm feeling of it making me feel nothing but shame as it ran down my legs, leaving my knickers soaking wet under my skirts.

We kept ascending and I was forced to sit in the pee underneath me until the driver finally pulled up the horses in the courtyard of a vast ruined castle from whose tall black windows came no ray of light and whose broken battlements showed a jagged line against the sky.

When the caleche stopped, the driver jumped down and held out his hand to assist me to alight. I could not but notice his prodigious strength, his hand like a steel vice that could have crushed mine if he had chosen. He sniffed at the air. “Did you piss on my seats?” he asked, gripping my hand tighter.

I was forced to nod in response and at that gesture, he whipped me round and lifted my skirts to my waist, bending me over and raining spanking blows upon my buttocks. The slapping sound of his hands on my cheeks filled the air of the courtyard as I gasped for breath.

Within a minute he seemed to tire of punishing me, his hand sliding between my legs, forcing my knees apart. I could do nothing but let him probe his way to my pussy, feeling the wetness of my panties around my ankles as he lowered his face to my bottom. His tongue plunged into my tight hole as his thick fingers entered my pussy, teasing me into a wetness the like of which I had never known. Just as I thought I would come from his ministrations, he stood up and I heard the rustling of his clothes. A moment later a rock hard shaft was pressed between the cheeks of my bottom, thrusting up and down before soaking up the wetness of my pussy. I waited for him to entire me but he moved back to my bottom and in a single motion, slammed himself into my anus.

I let out a deep groan of pleasure and pain as my nerve endings screamed at the shock intrusion. He thrust back and forth in my bottom as his hand again went to my pussy, probing in me with two fingers that seemed no smaller than his cock.

The feel of him grinding into me was exquisite even as I felt the shame of wetting myself still in my mind. He seemed to no longer care about punishing me, instead bringing me to sobbing orgasm that tore through my body and made him fuck me all the harder. I felt him bang his hips into my bottom as he held himself in me and then his cock pulsated deep in my bottom. I felt a gush of hot spunk spray out of him and fill my anus as he grunted in relief behind me. He fired another jet of cum into me and as he withdrew from me a final shot hit my buttocks and dripped to the floor under me.

The driver jumped back into his seat, leaving me to lower my dress back into place as he shook the reins and was gone in an instant.

I stood in silence for I did not know what to do. Of bell or knocker there was no sign. What sort of grim adventure was it on which I had embarked? My bottom was filled with cum that dribbled from me as I stood there, my panties were soaking wet and I had a long solid dildo in my pocket. Was this a customary incident in the life of a solicitor’s clerk sent out to explain the purchase of a London estate to a foreigner? Of course just before leaving London I got word that my examination was successful and I am now a full blown solicitor. I began to rub my eyes and pinch myself to see if I should awake. It all seemed like an erotic nightmare to me and I expected I might find myself at home with my thighs coated in wetness and dawn struggling in through the windows. But my flesh answered the pinching test and my eyes were not to be deceived. I was indeed awake. All I could do was be patient and wait for the coming of morning.

Just as I had come to this conclusion I heard a heavy step approaching behind the great door and saw through the chinks the gleam of a coming light. Then there was the sound of rattling chains and the clanking of massive bolts drawn back. A key was turned with the loud grating noise of long disuse and the great door swung back.

Chapter 2

Within stood a tall old woman clad in black from head to foot without a single speck of colour about her anywhere. She held in her hand an antique silver lamp in which the flame burned without chimney or globe, throwing long quivering shadows as it flickered in the draught of the open door. The woman motioned me in with her right hand, saying in excellent English but with a strange intonation. “Welcome to my house. Enter freely and of your own free will!” She made no motion of stepping to meet me but stood like a statue as though her gesture of welcome had fixed her into stone. The instant I had stepped over the threshold, she moved forwards and held out her hand, grasping mine with a strength which made me wince, an effect not lessened by the fact that it seemed cold as ice, more like the hand of a dead and not living woman.

“Welcome to my house. Enter freely. Go safely and leave something of the happy piss you bring.”

“Countess Wetula?”

She bowed as she replied, “I am Wetula and I bid you welcome Mrs Harker to my house. Come in, the night air is chill and you must need to eat and rest.” As she was speaking she put the lamp on a bracket on the wall and took my luggage, carrying it in whilst I protested.

“Nay madam. You are my guest. It is late and my people are not available. Let me see to your comfort myself.” She insisted on carrying my luggage along the passage, up a great winding stair and along another passage. At the end of this she threw open a heavy door and I rejoiced to see within a well lit room in which a table was spread for supper and on whose mighty hearth a great fire of logs flamed and flared.

The Countess halted, putting down my bags, closed the door and crossing the room, opened another door which led into a small room with no windows, lit by a single lamp. She motioned me to enter and it was a welcome sight for here was a great bedroom well lighted and warmed with another log fire. The Countess withdrew, saying before she closed the door, “You will need after your journey to refresh yourself by making your toilet. I trust you will find all you wish. When you are ready, come into the other room where you will find your supper prepared.”

I looked around for a chamber pot to make use of but found none and was forced to leave the bedroom whilst again needing to pee. I found supper laid out and my host stood beside the fireplace, leaning against the stonework. “Pray be seated and sup how you please. Excuse me that I do not join you but I have dined already and I do not drink.”

I handed to her the sealed letter which Mr Hawkins had entrusted to me. She opened it and read it then handed it to me to read also.

“I must regret that my weak bladder forbids me to travel but I am happy to send a sufficient substitute in whom I have every confidence. She is young woman, full of energy and talent. She is discreet and silent and ready to attend on you and take any instructions you give in all matters.”

The Countess took the cover off a dish and I fell to on an excellent roast chicken. This came with cheese and salad, and despite my need to pee I enjoyed two glasses of fine old tokay. During the time I was eating the Countess asked many questions of my journey and I told her by degrees all I had experienced.

By the time I had finished the Countess had given me chance to observe her physiognomy. She had a strong face with high bridge of thin nose and ached nostrils. The mouth was fixed and cruel looking with peculiarly sharp white teeth that protruded somewhat over the lips. For the rest her ears were pale and extremely pointed at the tops. The general effect was one of extraordinary pallor. Her hands were white and fine but the nails were cut to a sharp point.

She looked out to the window as down in the valley I heard the howling of many wolves. “Listen to them the children of the night, what music they make. But you must be tired. Your bedroom is ready and tomorrow you shall sleep as late as you will. I will be away until the afternoon so sleep well and dream well.” With a courteous bow she opened the door and I entered my bedroom. I searched again for a chamber pot but finding none, was forced to retrieve my empty tokay goblet. I undressed, the heat of the fire making my body swelter, sweat forming on my skin as I pressed the goblet to my pussy and unleashed a torrent of piss. As it escaped me I couldn’t help but remember the dildo I had been given and I reached over to retrieve it from my pocket, sliding it up into me as I lowered the goblet, feeling a strange sensation within me as my pee ran over my fingers.

I fucked my pussy even once I had finished peeing, not stopping for an instant until I reached a shuddering climax, my legs almost giving way under me as I stood by the fire. Unsure what to do with the pee filled goblet I tossed the contents onto the fire before climbing naked into bed and pulling the covers over me, my pussy still contracting as my orgasm faded away. I lay down in a sea of wonders. I doubt, I fear, I think strange things as I question what else may occur during the rest of my stay at Countess Wetula’s castle.

7 May – It is again early morning and I have rested and enjoyed the last twenty four hours. I slept until late in the day and awoke with a bursting bladder. When I dressed myself I went into the room where we had supped and found a cold breakfast laid out with coffee kept hot by the pot being placed on the hearth. There was a card on the table, on which was written, “I have to be absent for a while. Do not wait for me. W.” I set to and enjoyed the meal, all the time wondering whether I must again make use of the tokay goblet but I could find it nowhere. I tried to lift the coffee pot but the handle scorched my hand. I waited for the fire to die down, hoping the pot would cool. I paced back and forth upon the floor once I had supped, feeling the need to pee building all the time. Glancing around I saw no option other than to find a corner of the room to soil. I shook my head, unwilling to debase my surroundings in such a way.

Finally I thought of a solution, wrapping my dress around my hand and pulling the pot from the hearth. I opened the lid and stood over it, unwilling to squat and risk burning my legs on the hot metal.

I aimed as best I could at the hole in the top and let my bladder relax. A trickle at first ran down my thigh but it soon strengthened into a flow that primarily ran into the pot even as stray droplets splashed the floor and my legs. As I peed, I sighed loudly, the sense of relief palpable as I was finally able to calm my bestirred spirits.

Once I had finished my toilet, I left the pot upon the floor and decided to explore the house. I found certain odd deficiencies considering the extraordinary display of wealth around me. The table service was of gold and of immense value. The curtains and upholstery are of the costliest and most beautiful fabrics and must have been of fabulous value when made for they are centuries old and worn and frayed. And yet in none of the rooms is there a mirror or a toilet. I had to use my mirror from my personal effects to adjust my makeup. I have not yet seen a servant anywhere or heard a sound except the howling of wolves.

Sometime after I had finished my meal I looked about for something to read for I did not like to wander around the castle too far without the Countess’s permission. There was nothing in my room, no book, newspaper or even writing materials. I opened another door and found a sort of library. The door opposite mine I tried but found locked.

In the library to my great delight I found a vast number of erotic books in English, whole shelves full of them and bound volumes of magazines filled with lithographs and woodcuts of the most obscene nature. A table in the centre was littered with English magazines and newspapers of a similar vein, containing etchings and inkings of scenes the like of which I could scarcely believe possible in reality.

Whilst I was looking at the books, the door opened and the Countess entered. She saluted me in a hearty way and hoped that I had had a good night’s rest.

“I am glad you found your way into my pornographic library for I am sure there is much that will interest you. These companions, “ and here she laid her hand on some of the books, “have been good friends to me and for some years past ever since I had the idea of going to London, have given me many hours of pleasure. Through them I have come to know the women of your great England and to know them is to love them. I long to go through the crowded streets of your mighty London to be in the midst of the whirl of whores and the push of prostitutes. But alas! As yet I only know so little of your language.”

“But Countess, you know and speak English thoroughly.”

Se bowed gravely. “I thank you my friend for your all too flattering estimate but yet I know the grammar and words and not how to speak them.”

“You speak excellently.”

“Not so. Here I am a noble. The common people know me and can indulge my predilections but a stranger in a strange land is no one. You come to me not alone as an agent to tell me of my new estate. You shall, I trust, rest here with me a while so that by our talking I may learn the English intonation. And I would that you tell me when I make even the smallest of errors.”

I said I was willing and asked if I could indulge in the library when I chose.

“Most certainly. You may go anywhere in the castle you wish except where the doors are locked where of course you will not wish to go. We are in Transylvania and not England. Our ways are not your ways and there shall be to you many strange things.”

This led to much conversation. I asked her of some of the strange things I had seen on my journey here and she talked for a long time before finally changing the subject. “Come tell me of London and the house you have procured for me.”

With an apology for my remissness I went into my room and retrieved my papers. Whilst placing them in order I heard a rattling and turned to find the table had been cleared and the lamp lit. The lamps were also lit in the library and the Countess was lying on the sofa reading a book about the art of anal sex with certain choice objects. I thought of the dildo in my pocket but decided not to mention it for fear of offending her.

When I came in she cleared the table and I set down the plans and deeds. He asked many questions and I answered as I could telling him about the house and its twenty acres surrounded by solid stone. There were many trees on the estate and a deep pond fed by springs. The Countess loved to hear of all.

Presently with an excuse he left me and I looked at the erotic book, finding inside a map of England folded into quarters. Upon examining the map I saw rings marking places. One was near London, another Exeter and a third was Whitby on the Yorkshire coast.

I refolded the map and began to examine the book closer. The images within brought out a manifest desire in me to attempt some of the suggested items and I found myself glancing around the room but could see nothing of which I could make use for such a purpose.

I picked up another book which seemed to contain only pictures of women copulating in a variety of poses with accompanying stories of the filthiest kind. As I read, my heart began to beat faster and hearing no sign of the Countess returning, I allowed my hand to move slowly down my body until my nipples were found. I tugged at them through my dress, stroking them softly until they were hard and tingling.

I read on, turning the page to see an image of one woman tied by her limbs to a table as another sat upon her face, her features clearly displaying her pleasure at the sensation.

I wondered what it would be like to be constrained in such a way, unable to breathe anything but the scent of the woman above me. My hand moved lower as my pussy began to drip with desire. I reached under my dress and slid my hand up my thigh, stroking the soft skin that puckered under my touch until I found my soaking wet labia. I rubbed at my waiting clit with the palm of my hand whilst sliding two fingers into my pussy. I slowly fucked my hole as I read further into the book, picturing myself the entire time as the woman tied to the table, being used for the pleasure of others in a way that I knew I would never gain the opportunity to try in reality.

My limbs soon began to tense up and my toes curled as my clit throbbed ever stronger until a sensation of pure joy burst from it and spread through my body. I allowed the waves of pleasure to wash over me as I panted quietly and at that moment I heard the sound of footsteps in the hall outside.

I quickly withdrew my fingers and pushed my dress down, licking the juices from them to prevent any suspicion being aroused. My cheeks were still flushed as the Countess entered, smiling at the sight of the erotic book at my side.

“There is no shame in enjoying my library in the way it was intended,” she said cryptically. “But supper is ready.”

She took my arm and we went into the next room where I found an excellent supper on the table. The Countess again excused herself as having dined when away from home. But she sat and chatted whilst I ate. Afterwards we spoke for hours until it became very late and I was increasingly desirous of the toilet. All at once I heard the crow of the cock coming up with shrillness through the clear morning air and realised we had conversed away the entire night.

Countess Wetula jumped to her feet. “Why there is morning again. How remiss I am to let you stay up so long.” With a courtly bow, she left me and I ran through to my room in urgent need of somewhere to urinate. I could see nowhere that was suitable, reminding myself that little had changed in a day to assist my needs. I looked along the dinner table but was surprised to find it had been emptied whilst I was at my bedchamber. I went over to the window and glanced out, seeing an empty courtyard beyond.

A chill wind hit me and I shuddered, a trickle or piss leaking from me and soaking into my knickers. I paced back and forth, my hand between my legs as I tried to decide what to do. There seemed little option but to make use of the window and thus I lifted my dress to expose my pussy to the cold air of the morning, hoping none might see me in such a position.

Thrusting my hips forwards I pressed myself to the sill and pushed with all my might, wanting to get this over with in all possible haste. Immediately a fountain of piss sprayed out of pee and went sinking down to the courtyard like a fall of rain. I almost found humour in the sight of my self created shower of yellow rain. My body felt instantly better as I pushed every last droplet from myself. Once finished I pulled the curtains closed, shame taking over my body at the thought of what I had just undertaken. With that I sat and wrote of this day.

8 May – I feared as I wrote here that I was too diffuse but now I am glad of the detail for there is something so strange here that I am becoming uneasy and wish I were safe out of it in a location which at least could provide me with toilets.

There is no one even to speak to except the Countess and I fear I may be the only living soul here. Let me say at once how I stand. I slept a few hours when I went to bed before I got up. I hung my mirror by the window to apply my makeup and a desire to masturbate overtook me. I leaned back on my seat and lifted my legs to the window ledge either side of the mirror, glancing at my own pussy in the glass. I was just sliding my fingers into my hole when I felt a hand on my shoulder and heard the Countess say, “Good morning.” I jumped backwards for it amazed me that I had not seen her in the mirror. In starting I wet myself a little but did not notice it. I turned back to the glass but there could be no error for the woman was close to me and I could see her over my shoulder but there was no reflection of her in the mirror. The whole room behind me was displayed but no sign of any woman except myself.

I blushed as I hid my body under my clothing but the Countess mentioned nothing of my indiscretion. At the instant I noticed my knickers were damp with urine, I looked around for a fresh pair to change into. When the Countess saw my panties, she lunged at my pussy with demonic fury, her eyes blazing. As she lunged for me, her hand hit the dildo sticking out of my pocket and in an instant the fury passed so quickly I could hardly believe it was ever there.

“Take care,” she said when you wet yourself. It is more dangerous than you think in this country.” Seizing the mirror she went on. “And this is the wretched thing that caused the mischief. Away with it!” And opening the window she flung out the glass which shattered in the courtyard below. Then she withdrew without a word. It is very annoying for I know not how to apply my makeup without the mirror.

When I went into the dining room breakfast was prepared but the Countess was nowhere to be seen. It is strange that I have never seen her eat or drink. After breakfast I explored the castle and found a room looking south. The view was magnificent. The castle is on the edge of a terrific precipice. A stone falling from the window would fall a thousand feet without touching anything. As far as the eye can reach is a sea of green tree tops.

But I cannot describe beauty as when I had seen the view I explored further, becoming needful of the toilet and hoping to find at least one but found only doors everywhere and all locked and bolted. In no places save from the windows is there an available exit. The castle is a prison and I am a desperate prisoner.

When I found that I was a prisoner a wild feeling came over me. I rushed up and down stairs, trying every door but after a while a feeling of helplessness overcame me. I sat down at last, rocking back and forth on a step as my bladder threatened to explode and thought what was to be done.

Of one thing I am certain. It is no use making my ideas known to the Countess. She knows I am imprisoned and doubtless has her own motives. My only plan will be to keep my knowledge and fears to myself and my eyes open.

I had hardly reached this conclusion when I heard the great door below shut and knew the Countess had returned. She did not come to the library so I went to my own room to again pee from the window but I found her making the bed. This was odd but only confirmed there were no servants in the house. Once she had left my chambers I went to the window and again raised my dress, having no choice but to pee into the open air once more, my body greatly relieved as piss gushed from me and sank to the courtyard, pooling on the stone below.

As I peed I became increasingly aroused, the feel of the wind on my clitoris joining the touch of my fingers until I had to come. Bless the woman who gave me the dildo. It gives me comfort and strength to touch it. I made use of it at the window, feeling a strange sense of exhilaration that someone may observe me in my enjoyment. I slid the dildo into my pussy and fucked myself as fast as I could, wanting only to achieve climax in as little time as could be managed. Within a minute I felt the familiar building sensation and then it burst from my pussy as the dildo squelched in and out. I finally let it slide out as my body recovered from the powerful orgasm I had just enjoyed. I turned and saw the Countess laying the table in the dining room, confirming there was no one here but her. I must find out all I can about Countess Wetula that I might find it useful to understand her better.

12 May – Let me begin with facts of which there can be no doubt. Last evening the Countess asked me questions on legal matters. She asked if a woman might have two or more solicitors. I told her she might have a dozen but it would be wise to have only one in each transaction as only one could act at a time. She seemed to understand, asking if one could attend banking and another shipping in case local help were needed far from the banking help. I asked her to explain.

“Let me say you are at Exeter which is far from London. Now suppose I was to ship goods to Newcastle or Durham might I not have a solicitor in each port? Could I be at liberty to direct myself?”

“Of course.”

“Good.” She went on to ask about how to make consignments before asking if I had written home yet. I replied that I had not as I had no way of sending letters.

“Then write to your friend and say you shall stay on with me another month.”

“Do you wish me to stay so long?”

“I desire it much and will take no refusal.”

What could I do but accept? She handed me three sheets of notepaper and three envelopes. When I had written my letters I sat and read whilst the Countess wrote several notes. Then she took up mine and placed them with her own on the table before leaving. As soon as she was gone I looked at her letters. One was addressed to Samuel Billington in Whitby, another to Herr Leutner, the third to Coutts and Co and the fourth to Herren Klopstock and Billreuth in Budapest. I was about to read the contents when I saw the door handle move. I was back in my seat when the Countess entered, taking up the letters and stamping them carefully.

“I trust you will forgive but I have much to do in private this evening. Let me advise you thought that you should not go to masturbate in any other part of the castle. It is old and causes bad experiences to those who wank unwisely. Be warned that if arousal should overcome you, you should hasten to your own chamber or to here for your climax to be safe.”

Later – I endorse the last words written but I have no fear of masturbating elsewhere in the castle. I have the dildo in my bed with me and there it shall remain.

When he left I went to my room and then out to the stair to look out to the south. As I glanced out of the window I caught sight of movement a storey below me. I imagined it was the Countess’s own room. As I looked I saw her head come from her window and then she climbed out and began to crawl down the castle wall with her cloak around her like great wings. At first I could not believe my eyes but there was no delusion. What manner of woman is this?

15 May – I have once again seen the Countess leave in her lizard fashion. She vanished into some hole lower down but I could not access any rooms in that area of the castle until a door older than any I had seen gave way and let me enter a chamber filled with ancient furniture. I sat here to write when I felt horny. The Countess’s warning came into my mind but I took pleasure in disobeying it. I drew out a great couch and lay upon it, uncaring for the dust under me as I composed myself for orgasm. I closed my eyes and lifted my dress, squeezing my thighs together as a need to pee grew within me. The desperation aroused me more than I thought possible and I fought not to wet myself as I grew closer to an orgasm without yet having touched myself.

I achieved a climax just from my urgent need to pee and the pleasure in my brain made me sleepy and I seemed to drift away, coming to and finding three young naked women opposite me. Two were dark and the other was fair. All three had brilliant white teeth. I felt in my heart a burning desire that they should kiss me with those red lips and let me urinate over them. They whispered and laughed together as the two dark haired girls urged on the fair haired one.

“Go on! You are first and we shall follow. Yours is the right to begin.”

“She is young and strong. There are wets for us all.”

I lay quiet as the fair girl advanced. She went on her knees and bent towards me, licking her lips like an animal. Her lips went to my pussy and seemed to fasten onto it. I heard the churning sound of her tongue as she licked her lips again, her hot breath on my clit. The skin of my pussy began to tingle and I felt the touch of her lips on the super sensitive skin of my clit. I closed my eyes in ecstasy and waited with beating heart, feeling a drop of piss escape me.

At that instant another sensation swept through me and I was conscious of the presence of the Countess. She was furious, grabbing the slender neck of the fair woman, her eyes blazing. “How dare you drink from her any of you when I had forbidden it? Back all of you! This woman belongs to me.”

The fair girl laughed. “You never loved.” The other women laughed also and it seemed as the mirthless pleasure of fiends. The Countess turned to me and said, “Yes I can love. I promise you that when I am done with her, you shall drink her piss at your will. Now go!”

“Are we to have nothing tonight,” said one of them.

For answer he threw a bag on the floor which moved as though there were some living thing in it. One of the women opened the bag and a naked woman emerged, squirming and wriggling and clearly in need of urinating. The three women opened their mouths as the woman as if in a daze pissed into one mouth after another. A dizziness overcame me and I sank into unconsciousness.

I awoke in my own bed. If I had not dreamed the Countess must have carried me here. My clothes were folded in a way which was not my habit. My watch was unwound. If the Countess carried me here and undressed me, she must have hurried for she did not find this diary or my dildo or I am sure she would have taken and destroyed both. As I look around this room it is a sanctuary now for out there are those awful women who are waiting to drink my pee.

18 May – I have been down to look at that room again but the doorway has been forced against the jamb and the door fastened from the inside. I fear it was no dream and I must act on this.

19 May – Last night the Countess asked me to write three letters. One saying that my work was nearly done and I should start home soon, another that I was starting that morning and the last that I had left the castle and arrived at Pissritz. I would fain have rebelled but knew it would be madness to quarrel openly with the Countess. I asked when I should date the letters.

“The first should be June 12, the second June 19 and the third June 29.”

I know now the span of my life.

28 May – There is a chance of escape or at least of being able to send word home. A band of gipsies are encamped in the courtyard. I shall write letters home and try to get them posted.

I have written the letters, Mina’s in shorthand and Mr Hawkins to ask him to speak to her. To her I have explained my situation. I have given the letters with a gold piece and the man pressed them to his heart and made gesture that it was not payment enough. Given his ability to mime I was able to ascertain that he was desirous of seeing me masturbate and piss for him.

Reluctantly I stood at the window with my clothes laid on the bed beside me. As they watched I ran my hands over my body, finding their stares turning me on far more than I had expected. My pussy became damp as my need to pee grew stronger. I thrust my body forwards and let fly the entirety of the urine in my body which hit the man below me square in the face. He lapped at the golden fluid as I ran my fingers through the flow, enjoying the heat upon my chill hand.

I took my dildo and thrust it into me whilst still peeing, turning away and pointing my bottom out of the window at the men below. I spread my cheeks apart and nudged the dildo into my hole, gasping at the stretching sensation whilst the last drops of pee ran down my legs. Moving my free hand to my clit, I rubbed frantically at it whilst fucking my arse as hard as I could manage, bringing myself to a screaming orgasm moments later.

When I turned round the men were gone. I could do no more so I stole back to the library to read. The Countess came in and held out two letters.

“The gipsies gave me these,” she said. “One is from you to Peter Hawkins but the other is a vile thing and is not signed so cannot matter.” He held the letter in shorthand to the flame of the lamp until it was consumed. “The letter to Hawkins I shall send as it is yours. Your pardon that I broke the seal. Will you cover it again?” With that he held out the letter with a clean envelope. I handed it back in silence and he left, locking the door behind him.

An hour or two passed and I began to need to pee once again. Looking at the erotic materials around me, I sought one that I might make use of with the dildo in my pocket. Finally I settled upon a work which described a woman used by a group of men in such a way that every entrance to her were filled by an appendage of theirs. I thought of the group of men outside the window and lay on the couch, thinking of them tearing my clothes from me whilst I slid the dildo into myself.

My need to pee made my arousal all the more intense and I found myself picturing each of the men fucking me in turn, their cocks sliding into every hole available one after another whilst I could only do my best to pleasure them in however they saw fit. I moved the dildo at lightning speed deep into my pussy, my bladder screaming for relief as I reached a shuddering climax. I saw an empty vase in the corner and ran to it, pulling the dildo from me as the first trickles of pee ran down my legs. I lowered myself over the vase as the floodgates opened and piss spurted out of me, filling the vase in seconds as I sighed happily, my pussy still throbbing with the remnants of my climax.

I had barely finished peeing when the Countess returned and sent me on to bed. I passed to my rooms and slept without dreaming.

31 May – This morning I went to fetch papers from my bag to write again but every scrap was gone. I saw and pondered before looking in my wardrobe. My suitcase was gone as was my overcoat and rug.

17 June – As I sat on my bed thinking hard I heard a cracking of whips and a great pair of wagons drove into the yard below. I cried out to the drivers and they looked up at me blankly. I attempted masturbating for them but the head of the gipsies appeared, pointed up at me and said something which made them laugh.

Henceforth no erotic effort of mine would make them even look at me. When their empty boxes were unloaded they were given money by the gipsy before riding away.

24 June – Last night the Countess left me early and locked herself in her room. Something is going on for I can hear the gipsies working nearby, hearing the sound of flushing toilets. I was at the window overlooking the Countess’s room when I saw her emerge in my travelling clothes with the bag I had seen given to the evil women. This was her scheme then, that others will see me so they think and she will leave evidence I have been seen in towns posting my own letters and wickedness achieved shall be attributed to me. It makes me rage to think this can go on and whilst I am shut up here.

I returned to my room when I heard in the courtyard the cry of a woman. I looked out of the window and saw her, a stranger distressed with running. When she saw my face she shouted up, “Monster give me my partner!”

She threw herself on her knees and tore at her hair before throwing herself against the door. Somewhere high above I heard the Countess call and her call was answered by the howling of wolves who poured in as a pack to the courtyard. There was no cry from the woman but I knew what had happened as the wolves slunk away licking their lips. What am I to do? How can I escape this place?

25 June – I must take action of some sort. Last night of my post dated letters went to post, the first of that fatal series that will blot out every trace of my existence. Action is needed. I have seen her crawl from her window. Why should I not go in by the same route?

Later – I have made the effort and come safely to this room. I must put down every detail in order. The room was empty, furnished with things which seemed to have never been used. I looked for the key but it was not in the lock. The only thing I found was a great heap of gold and money in one corner, none of it less than three hundred years old. At one corner of the room was a heavy door. It was open and led through a stone passage to a stairway which went steeply down.

I descended minding carefully until I came to a room which shocked me to my core. For here was the most elaborate of bathrooms, the like of which I had never before encounters. Porcelain toilet bowls were laid out in individual stalls, each pristine and spotless. The walls were covered with fine mosaics and the rolls of paper were of the softest kind.

There was nobody about and I went around the bathroom looking in every corner when I came to the final stall, the door closed. I pushed it open and there was the Countess. She was either dead or asleep but her eyes were open and stony, the cheeks having the warmth of life but there was no sign of pulse or breathing.

I bent over her and looked for signs of life but saw none. I turned to the toilet beside hers and sat upon it, lifting my dress and finally enjoying urinating in the correct manner for the first time since arriving at the castle. As I peed I could not help but become aroused and so I began to let my fingers play with the flow of pee, enjoying the hot wetness of it upon my hands as I stroked at my labia. But a fear overtook me from nowhere that the Countess may awaken and so I lowered my dress once more, returning to my room by the manner of again climbing the castle wall.

29 June – Today is the date of my last letter and the Countess has taken steps to prove it was genuine for I saw him leave in my clothes once again. I walked to the library and distracted my fears by reading of a threesome between woman and two men. I read the story with great concentration, picturing myself held between two men, one sliding into my bottom, the other into my pussy, being crushed between them as they both came inside me, me solely responsible for their pleasure.

I brought myself to a shuddering orgasm whilst thinking of their emissions spurting into my body and as my climax faded I drifted off to sleep. I was awakened by the Countess who looked at me and said, “Tomorrow we must part. You return to England, I to some work which may mean we never meet. Your letter has been despatched. All is ready for your journey. In the morning my carriage will come for you and bear you away but I hope I shall see more of you at Castle Wetula.”

When I was in my room and about to lie down I heard a whispering at my door. “Back to your place. Tonight is mine. Tomorrow night is yours.” There was a ripple of laughter and I opened the door to see the three women running away.

30 June – These may be the last words I write. I slept until before dawn, waking up and not needing a pee for the first time since arriving. I ran down the hall to the great door but it would not open. I scaled the walls to the Countess’s room and down to the bathroom below. There in one of the boxes brought to the castle was the Countess. She looked as if her youth had been half restored. Her white hair was dark grey, her cheeks fuller, her mouth redder than ever and on the lips were drops of urine which ran over her chin and neck. She looked as if she had simply gorged on piss.

This was the being I was helping to transfer to London who might for centuries to come satiate her desire for urine and create a circle of others to batten on the helpless. There came the sound of a gipsy song outside and I ran from the place, listening as the great door opened and closed again. When I reached it I found it locked and as I write I hear the sound of tramping feet below me, no doubt the boxes being set down heavily and lids hammered into place.

In the courtyard I can hear the crack of whips and I am left alone in the castle with those horrible women. I shall not remain alone here with them. I shall try to scale the castle wall further than ever. I shall take some of the gold with me lest I need it. I may yet find a way from this dreadful place. And then away for home to the quickest train. Goodbye all.

Chapter 3

Letter from Mina Murray to Lucy Wetenra

9 May

My dearest Lucy,

Forgive my delay in writing but I have been overwhelmed with work. The life of an assistant brothel keeper is sometimes trying. I long to be with you and by the sea where we can talk and piss together freely. I have been working very hard and practising shorthand. I have had a few lines from Jennifer in Transylvania. She is well and will return soon. I long to hear her news and taste her above my face once more. Goodbye.

Your loving Mina

Letter from Lucy to Mina

Wednesday

My dearest Mina,

I have nothing to interest you. Town is very pleasant I met some time ago a woman who would do for you if you were not engaged to Jennifer. She is well off and of good birth, a doctor with the most enormous breasts. She is only nine and twenty and yet has an immense lunatic asylum under her care. She has a curious habit of looking down my top at every opportunity. That is all Mina. We have told our secrets to each other since we were children. We have slept together and eaten together and laughed and cried and fucked. I am blushing as I write as my thoughts dwell upon the time we slept together before you met Jennifer.

Do you recall the night of Mamma’s birthday when we retired late to my room as that storm raged outside. I was all a shiver due to my fear of thunder and you held me in your arms until I was still again. But you did not let go did you? Instead you raised my nightgown until my body was exposed to your gaze and then you slid down me, kissing as you went until you finally reached your goal. You made me pee in your mouth, the first time I had ever undertaken such a thing and it aroused me beyond belief to see you indulge in my emissions as if you were dying of thirst.

When you kissed my pussy that night I almost melted away into thin air or floated off into the heavens. Your fingers inside me were the most exquisite of things and you brought me to an orgasm the like of which I have not experienced since. I kissed you and tasted my piss and my arousal in your mouth whilst you stared happily into my eyes.

Why do I repeat this here? Well I have fallen in love with a lady of whom I cannot stop imagining indulging in drinking her pee in the way you did mine. I think she may love me though she had not told me so. But oh I do love her Mina! I love her. There, that does me good.

I wish I were with you, sitting by the fire and undressing so I could tell you how I feel and demonstrate what I wish she would do to me. Let me hear from you at once and tell me all that you think about it.

Lucy

Letter from Lucy to Mina

24 May

My dearest Mina

Thanks and thanks again for your sweet letter. It is lovely to have your sympathy. It never rains pee but it pours piss. Here I am about to be twenty and never had a proposal and yet today I had three. One came before lunch. Dr June Seward, the lunatic asylum woman with enormous breasts and good skin. She was cool but nervous and told me how dear I was to her and how she wished I cared for her. When she saw me cry I told her there was already someone and she wished me well before planting a kiss on my lips.

I knew not what to do nor how to react as she took me in her arms and escorted me into the garden. Once there she stripped me of every stitch of clothing upon my body before laying me down on the damp grass. She embraced every last inch of me including delving deeply between my buttocks in a way that I never realised could be so enjoyable. Her tongue dipped inside my bottom and her fingers into my pussy as she draped my legs over her shoulders.

As she fucked me with her hand, I felt the need to pee and began to wriggle with desperation. She would not let me rise though, instead insisting that I produce upon her. I did as she wished, my heart racing as my pee dribbled down her chin and onto her waiting bosom. She revelled in my piss dear Mina, bringing me to an orgasm with her hand before I even had chance to finish urinating. My whole body shook when I came and as I lay panting for breath she moved up me, lifting her dress whilst I moved my hands to her breasts which had spilled over her top. I toyed with her nipples as she sat upon my face and returned the piss I had given her with that of her own. She peed directly into my mouth Mina and the taste was such that I thought I was dreaming, it was too pleasant to be real. As she peed, I let my tongue slide into the wet folds of her cunt and she gasped and moaned and writhed as if she wanted me to move ever deeper into her.

She rubbed her clit as she finished peeing and soon after I brought her to a trembling climax that made her scream so loudly I could hear the neighbours call out, asking if there was an issue at hand.

I shouted that we were fine as best I could from under her pussy and she giggled above me before helping me to my feet and bidding me farewell, hoping I would be happy.

Number two came after lunch. This was a nice fellow from Texas in America. He looked young and fresh and yet was older than me. Mr Quincy Morris sat beside me and looked happy and jolly but nervous all the same. He took my hand in his and said, “Miss Lucy, I know I ain’t good enough to lace your boots but will you hitch up alongside me and let us go down the long road together?”

He looked so serious that I found it hard to deny him his wish as he poured out a torrent of love making. He ripped my clothes from me in an instant and removed his own in the same moment such that we were both naked within my parlour. His appendage was so large and standing proudly that I could not help but lower myself to my knees and take him into my mouth, being desirous of the taste of his hot hardness. He filled my mouth to the back of my throat as he gripped my hair and made me fuck him with my lips, my tongue running over the length of his shaft as he stared down at me.

Soon he felt teased enough and spun me round and bent me over the couch. He groped at my buttocks as he slid his cock between them, making my pussy damp with desire.

“Piss on me,” he said, holding his cock directly against my labia. I let my bladder relax and hot urine did flow over his cock which seemed to become harder than ever. Whilst I continued to pee he used the juices of my arousal to lubricate himself in such a way that he could enter my bottom, making me gasp out loud at the way I stretched wide apart to allow him entry.

He slid all the way into my anus whilst his hand moved to my clit and began toying with it. I rocked back and forth upon him until I reached an orgasm so powerful I almost fell to the ground, only his tool within me keeping me upright. After I had climaxed he moved faster and began slamming into me until I heard him grunt and felt his cock spasming deep within me. A moment later hot spunk filled my bottom and the sensation of it within me sent another orgasm through my body. He spurted more cum into me before slowly withdrawing, kissing his way up my back before collapsing beside me on the couch.

“I cannot marry you,” I said when my breathing had returned to normal. He asked if there was another and I told him straight. “There is one I love though he had not yet told me he loves me.”

He wished me luck and gave me a final kiss before gathering up his clothes and withdrawing, leaving me to feel his emissions seep back out of me as my little clit throbbed with desire for more.

This quite upset me and I don’t wish to tell you of number three until it can all be happy. Ever your loving

Lucy

PS Of number three I must speak. She came into my room and kissed me before I even had a chance to speak. In less than a minute I was naked for the third time this day. I don’t know what I did to deserve such pleasure but she tied me to my bed with my own stockings and made use of a beautiful smooth glass cock attached to her hips with fabric straps to fuck me whilst all the time staring into my eyes.

She fucked me slowly until I burst with joy, my body writhing to free myself from the bonds that held me in place. I enjoyed one climax after another until she withdrew, leaving me exhausted as she leaned back and let a gushing torrent of piss escape her, spraying all over my captive body, sending me into further paroxysms of ecstasy. She then forced me to watch her fuck herself with the dildo until she came not once but thrice in quick succession, never taking her eyes from me for an instant. I must show her that I am grateful to her for being such a lover and a friend. Goodbye.

Dr Seward’s Diary

25 May – Cannot eat, cannot rest. Since my rebuff after such a sexual encounter I have an empty feeling. As I knew the only cure would be to tease my patients I picked out once who afforded me a study of much interest. He is so quaint I am determined to understand him. He refuses to ever reach an orgasm, believing such enjoyment to be the work of the devil.

And yet when I stood in his cell and began a striptease, his cock stiffened under his nightdress until I could resist no longer. I took hold of it with my cool hands and stroked the length of it whilst lowering my mouth to the head, licking the fluid which appeared there. He shook his head as if wishing me to stop but then took hold of my hair and drove himself into my mouth. He fucked me until I could no longer breathe, my eyes wild as he grunted deeply and spurted cum into the back of my throat. He finally let me go and I gasped for breath, wiping spunk from my chin as I stood up and withdrew to the ward.

Letter from Quincy Morris to Anthea Holmwood

25 May

My dear Ant

We’ve told yarns before and I have such a one for you about my latest conquest despite the rejection I was forced to endure afterwards. I ask you to come to my campfire tomorrow night as our friend June Seward will be there and we can mingle our sorrow to drink to the health of whomever has won the heart of our fondest friend Lucy. We promise you a hearty welcome.

Yours as ever

Quincy

Telegram from Arthur to Quincy

26 May

Count me in. I bear messages to make your cunt tingle.

Ant

Mina Murray’s Journal

24 July – Whitby – Lucy met me at the station and drove me up to the house. This is a lovely place. Right over the town is the ruin of the abbey which was sacked by the Danes. It is a noble ruin of immense size and I walked around it for so long I was bursting to pee by the end. There were no toilets to be found and people everywhere such that I felt I might explode at any moment if I could not find a secluded spot. I walked out beside Mina as she held my hand and tried to calm me although I knew she was also aroused by the sight of my desperation. Behind the churchyard there was a hummock of grass and if kneeling we would still be visible so we both lay on the grass behind it out of sight of the populace. It is not easy to pee whilst laid down I must confess. I lifted my dress to my waist and shuffled down my knickers whilst Mina did the same and at the sight of her pussy I was reminded of those times we had copulated together in the past before her engagement to Jennifer.

I could not resist tasting her one final time, rolling towards her even as my bladder threatened to release the waterfall at any moment. She rolled in my direction at the same moment and I ended up on top of her with my face by her pussy and her face by my own.

We began to urinate at the exact same instant, her piss flowing into my open mouth as mine did the same to her. I heard a noise above the hissing sound and looked up to see a group of people had found our hiding place and were staring at us in silence. I could not stop peeing even if I wished to and the sight of their eyes upon us drove my arousal upwards to new peaks that could not be contained. I began to finger her as she slid her thumb directly into my bottom, lapping at my clit as I moaned above her.

We ended peeing at last but neither of us moved, knowing the audience expected a show. I writhed upon her as she brought me to an orgasm with her expert fingers and wilful tongue. I gasped into her pussy as I fucked her with as much of my hand as I could manage, all the time sucking her little clit into my mouth until she reached one and then a second climax in quick succession, each tearing through her body and making her sob with pleasure.

When we had recovered we received a round of applause and then the people melted away, leaving us alone to adjust our dresses and stand once more, acting for all the world as if nothing untoward had just occurred.

We walked around the graves of the churchyard and I found myself thinking I should often come here to write as I do now, listening to the waves below me beside the harbour. I heard a legend that when a ship is lost bells are heard at sea. I must ask about this and an old man is passing, I shall inquire of him.

He was a funny old man. He told me the legend of the bells was nonsense but he heard tell of a shipwreck which caused every woman and man in the town to wet themselves at the same instant. At the thought of such an occurrence I felt my pussy dampen and the man seemed to sense my arousal as he went into great detail of the humiliation endured by countless people wetting their trousers and skirts.

As he spoke I began to squirm in my seat, rubbing my thighs together to ease the itch within my clit. The man sat on the bench beside me and placed my blanket over both of our laps. Whilst looking out to sea his hand slid to my dress, finding its way up inside whilst I fumbled at the buttons of his trousers.

He plunged his fingers into me as I took hold of his hard cock and whilst we both maintained innocent faces to any passing, he fucked me slowly and deeply as I jerked my hand along the shaft of his cock, all the time him telling me more tales of folk wetting themselves within the town.

His thumb brushed over my clit and I had to let out a gasp, biting my lip to keep from crying out with joy. I heard his breathing deepen and then his cock twitched in my hand. I dived under the blanket and caught the spunk that jetted from him in my mouth, swallowing quickly before squeezing the remaining droplets from him, savouring the salty taste of the old seadog. He maintained his movement within me as I brought my head out once more, licking my lips whilst he teased me to a powerful climax that I had to fight to resist revealing to the world, my limbs shaking and my cheeks flushing red.

“I must away home for my tea,” he said as he rose to his feet a moment later. He walked away and down the steps into the town. I shall go home too now once I finish writing.

1 August - I came up here an hour ago with Lucy and together we met the old man and two companions even older than he. Lucy looked sweet in her white frock and the old men wasted no time is sitting with us. I think they fell in love with her on the spot.

They spoke long of their desire to be with two women at once until we felt obliged to indulge their fancy. Accordingly they took us behind the churchyard to an empty barn and we walked into the deep straw held within. There we were told to strip and so we undressed each other slowly whilst the three men did nought but watch. Once we were naked we turned to face them and they whipped off their own clothes with indecent haste. Each of them was erect already and they approached us with animal hunger in their eyes.

I was forced to my knees and in a moment I had a cock in my mouth and one in each hand. I worked them as best I could but I was distracted by Lucy laid between my legs, licking hungrily at my pussy, her hands easing their way between my buttocks. The cock in my mouth was already starting to twitch as the men realised they must pace themselves yet.

I was lifted to my feet and one of the men held me in his arms, standing behind me with his shaft nudging between my buttocks. Lucy was bent on all fours and a cock slid into her pussy whilst another entered her mouth. Whilst she rocked back and forth between the two men, the cock behind me found my hole and entered my bottom momentarily before withdrawing, leaving me aching for its return.

I was made to straddle poor Lucy’s back whilst she rocked from one cock to another and then they indicated I was to pee on her. This I did in a second, watching their lust intensify at the sight of me wetting on my best friend. It dripped from her back as she moaned her way to her first orgasm.

As she came the men withdrew from her and turned their attention to me. One laid on his back and I was lowered onto him, his cock easily sliding into my wet pussy. The next man lay atop me and I was trapped between them as he slid into my bottom, both holes feeling painfully filled at this point. As I opened my mouth to moan the final cock slid into my mouth and I was totally at their mercy. They fucked me relentlessly whilst Lucy did her best to find my clit with her hands, kissing each of us in turn shortly afterwards as I closed my eyes and gave in to the sensations tearing through me.

I came within a minute but they did not stop to let me rest, bringing me to so many orgasms I lost count, my body exhausted and dripping with sweat. Finally the cock in my mouth spurted cum deep into my throat and then withdrew, leaving me to swallow the spunk or risk choking on it.

The two cocks in my body came within moments of each other. I felt hot cum fill my pussy and my bottom at the same moment and as they began to withdraw Lucy added to my turmoil by wetting directly upon my face, telling me it was revenge for doing the same to her.

She moved her pussy to my mouth and as I lapped at her pee, I also licked her clit as the men stood and watched, one of them stroking my pussy until I came again. Lucy ground onto my face with her cunt until she reached her own climax and as it faded away, the men made their excuses and left us alone.

The two of us sat awhile in the churchyard after that encounter and held hands whilst she told me about her upcoming marriage. That made me feel heartsick for I had not heard from Jennifer for a whole month.

Later I came up here alone and sad for there was no letter for me. I wonder where Jennifer is and if she is thinking of me. I so wish she were here.

Dr Seward’s Diary

5 June - The case of Renfield grows ever more interesting. He has certain erotic qualities which I cannot ignore but there is some scheme about him I do not understand. He has gathered a bowl of his own which he has insisted I piss into. I finally gave in today and did as he asked but the piss has remained in there ever since.

18 June – I have urinated multiple times for Renfield now and each time his cock hardens but he again refuses to orgasm.

1 July – The bowls of pee are becoming a nuisance and I insisted he get rid of them. To my surprise he picked them up one after another and drank the contents whilst I watched. I scolded him for it but he did let me touch him once more and use my mouth to bring him to a hardness which made my pussy widen in anticipation.

I turned away from him and bent over, lifting my skirt to expose my pussy which he could not resist entering. He held my hips as he fucked me with his huge shaft, bringing me to orgasm twice before he did the same, spurting a molten load of cum deep inside me which dripped from me as I stepped away and pulled my skirt back into place.

8 July – He keeps a notebook filled with masses of figures. He asked if I would bring him the pee of other staff members and there seem to be no limits to his desire for more urine within his cell.

20 July – Renfield is asleep with urine upon his chin. I believe he has drunk his fill of the pee I provide once more. I gave him an opiate and whilst he was asleep I took away his pocketbook to look at. Oh Lucy how I miss you and wish your happiness was also mine.

Mina Murray’s Journal

26 July – I am anxious and unhappy about Lucy and Jennifer. I have had a letter but it is only one line saying she is starting for home. Lucy has taken to walking and wanking in her sleep. We have decided to lock the door of our room every night as she has twice been found in the street by passersby with her hand within her pussy without being aware she is doing it. She is to be married in the autumn and this will not do.

Miss Anthea Holmwood is coming to see Lucy before the marriage and she wants to take him up to the clifftop to show him the beauty of the town.

27 July – No news from Jennifer. Lucy walks and wanks more than ever and I am often awakened by her moving around the room, her nightdress tossed aside, her hand within her pussy or her bottom, wetting as she walks. The sight of it is intensely arousing but I am of strong enough moral fibre not to take advantage of my friend whilst she sleeps.

3 August – Still no news from Jennifer. I hope she is not ill. Lucy has not walked much in her sleep this week and it seems as if she is watching me, trying the door and searching for the key. I tried tonight to fuck her hard enough that she would sleep more soundly. Accordingly as she lay in bed I lay beside her and forced her onto her back, tying her down and raising my naked pussy above her face. I pissed into her mouth as she gasped with pleasure but I stayed not there, moving my hips so I ended my urination upon her clitoris. She screamed with frustration until I ended peeing and dived onto her pussy with my mouth, spending an hour bringing her to one climax after another. Afterwards she slept well.

6 August – No news. The suspense is dreadful. Last night the weather darkened and the fishermen say we are in for a storm. Everything is grey except the grass. The fishing boats race for home. I sat in the churchyard a little while and coastguard came along with his spyglass. He stopped to talk to me as he often does but he kept looking out at a strange ship. “She’s a Russian by the look of her but she’s knocking about in the queerest way. Look there, she is steered mighty strangely. We’ll hear more of her by tomorrow.”

He went to leave when I blurted out my worries and he took my hand and offered a way we could distract each other from our cares for a little while. The gloom of the weather had emptied the land around us and we were alone so when he raised my dress I worried not about being seen. He took the thick handle of the spyglass and bade me to suck it. Once my saliva was upon it, he slid the first ridge into my pussy, surprising me with his urgency. The next ridge slid also into me and then the handle was as far into me as it could go.

He bade me to fuck myself with it whilst he stood and exposed his stiffening cock. I took it into my mouth and tasted his hard heat as I used the spyglass to pleasure myself as best I could. It was not as good as a real flesh cock and I said as much to him to which he nodded and pushed me onto my back on the bench, clambering onto me and entering me an instant later. He took hold of the spyglass and moved it to between my buttocks, pushing the handle into my bottom and leaving it embedded within me.

I moaned at the feel of his hard fleshy shaft plunging into me and I muttered many words of encouragement to him as he picked up speed within me, his clothes rubbing at my clit as he pressed his body against mine, the spyglass rubbing the inside of my bottom in an exquisite fashion.

I reached an orgasm just as the rains began to fall. My pussy contracted around his cock which tipped him over the edge and he came deep within me whilst sighing gently, his cock twitching as one shot of cum after another poured into my cunt. Finally he withdrew and kissed me softly on the lips before retrieving the spyglass and nodding a goodbye to me, leaving me to run for home to avoid the building storm soaking me to the skin.

Cutting from The Dailygraph 8 August

Whitby – One of the greatest storms on record has just been experienced here. Whilst it grew ever stronger a foreign schooner with sails set was seen going westwards against the wind. The tempest broke shortly afterwards and huge waves began to break against the harbour and lighthouse. The wind roared and sea fog rolled into the land. At high tide the seafog melted away long enough to see the schooner enter the safety of the harbour. All ran to her but they found only a corpse lashed to the helm, the ship having found harbour at the hand of a dead man. The schooner drove on and pitched up on the sand and gravel at the southeast corner of the pier. The instant it touched shore an immense dog sprang from the deck and ran for the sand. Making for the steep cliff it vanished into the darkness.

The next morning the doctor examined the body at the helm and declared the man had been dead for two days. Already the storm was passing and the sky beginning to redden. I shall send for the next issue details of the derelict ship.

9 August – The ship was the Depeeter and she had only a number of great boxes filled with toilet roll in her cargo. She was consigned to a Mr Billington who this morning went aboard and took possession of the toilet rolls. The dog was not to be found.

The log of the ship included the following intriguing details.

“17 July – The men tell me a stranger is on board, a tall thin woman unlike the crew. I shall search the ship for her.

18 July – We left no corner unturned but found nothing.

30 July – We near England amidst a storm. Men all worn out. The mate came to me telling me he had seen the woman again and attempted to stab her with his cock but the prick went through thin air. He has gone mad, telling me she resides in one of the boxes which contain only toilet paper.

4 August – Still fog. The mate was right to jump overboard. Now I am alone, the crew gone but I shall tie my hands to the wheel so that I can remain secure within the ship.

Later – Whilst tied to the wheel, she came to me, lowering my trousers and taking my cock in her mouth, bringing me to stiffness with the coldest lips I have ever known. I was hypnotised by her beauty, unable to question from where she came. She made me pee on her face and I had no choice but to obey, urinating directly upon her hair as she jerked her hand along my shaft, making me harder than ever before again taking me in her mouth until I groaned with desire. She brought me to an orgasm almost as a farewell gift, licking my cum from her lips before vanishing, leaving me alone here to write these words.

Mina Murray’s Journal

8 August – Lucy was restless last night and the storm fearful. Lucy did not wake but got up twice and pissed into a corner. Fortunately I awoke each time and was able to capture her pee in my mouth so it did not ruin the rug underneath her. It tasted wonderful and lingered in my mind long after she was asleep once more.

10 August – The funeral of the poor sea captain was today. Poor Lucy seemed much upset but would not say why. Perhaps it was that Swales was found dead on our bench with neck broken. There was a look of fear and horror upon Swale’s face that the men said made them shudder.

I think it will be best for her to go to bed tired out so I took her for a long walk by the cliffs and stopped in a sheltered spot to order her to strip. I enjoyed taking charge in such a way and my commanding voice seemed to entice her to obey. She removed her clothes and I told her to bend over and not move, her cheeks to be held apart.

I stared for some time at her bottom exposed to the light of the sun, teasing her by not touching her yet. Eventually she began to beg for contact and I gave in at last, bringing my tongue to her anus and licking as deeply inside her as I could manage. I brought her to the first of her many orgasms just by licking her bottom and as time passed I continued until my tongue did ache. When she became desirous of urinating I told her to hold it for as long as she could possibly manage and I would reward her for her diligence.

She was soon wriggling and squirming and begging for relief whilst I moved her into all manner of positions, making her jog on the spot, touch her toes, indulge in sit ups and drink from a flask I had brought with me. I saw stray drops leak from her from time to time but I lapped each one away, all the time my own pussy growing wetter at the control I had over my friend.

Finally I brought her pussy to my mouth and told her she could pee. In a second a torrent of piss entered my throat, the heat of it making me blink as I swallowed as quickly as I could manage before commanding her to stop.

She did so with some reluctance, her hands crammed between her legs to prevent the rest escaping. I moved her onto her back, leaning her legs upwards so that her pussy was above her own face. In this partial handstand I held her knees apart and told her to pee.

“But it will go on my own face,” she said, looking up at me.

“I am well aware of that,” I replied.

She sighed and then a fountain of pee erupted from her, running back down her chest to splash onto her face. I bade her to swallow it as I began to fuck her pussy with two of my fingers. She gasped and rocked against my body as I watched her cunt contract, an orgasm tearing through her.

After her climax faded I lowered her to the ground and licked the pee from her face, loving the taste of it whilst her fingers went to my clit. We fucked like that, hands on each other, for some time before I set her on all fours and put my head under her, fucking her bottom with a finger whilst licking at her clit to bring her to yet another orgasm.

By the time we went home we were both exhausted and I smiled as she climbed into bed, thinking she should have no inclination for sleepwalking now.

11 August – No sleep now, I am too agitated. I woke up in the night to find Lucy not in bed. The door was shut but not locked. She was not in the sitting room or anywhere in the house. I ran outside and searched the town, finally arriving at the cliff opposite the churchyard. I saw her in the distance reclining on the bench with someone else in the darkness between her legs.

I flew down the steps and up to the churchyard and when I got to the top I saw it was Lucy on the bench. I called her name and someone raised their head from between her legs, a white face with red gleaming eyes. When I reached her the figure had gone and Lucy was quite alone even though her nightdress was around her waist exposing her pussy.

I bent over her and her pussy lips were parted as if she had just been licked there. I flung my shawl over her as she put her hand to her clit and moaned, a dribble of pee leaking from her. I shook her to wake her and she did not seem surprised to see me. She followed me home with the obedience of a child where I tucked her into bed and she implored me to say nothing of what had occurred that night.

Noon – Lucy slept until I woke her but I noticed when her legs were spread in her sleep that pee was dried upon her thighs and noted it was a hint of red lipstick the like of which I knew not.

12 August – Twice in the night Lucy tried to get out. In the morning she seemed as gay as of old and she snuggled in beside me and told me she wanted me inside her. My fingers entered her pussy as she kissed my neck, her body grinding against mine as she found my clit with her hand and together we lay in mutual pleasure until we reached our orgasms at virtually the same moment.

13 August – To bed with the key on my wrist. I awoke in the night to find Lucy pointing at the window, a great bat flapping outside in whirling circles.

14 August – Lucy looked out at the sunset this evening and murmured, “Her red lipstick again. Just the same.” I followed her eyes to see a dark figure seated alone on a bench. That night I walked and thought of Jennifer and as I returned home I saw Lucy with her pussy sticking out of our bedroom window. I ran inside and found her asleep up there and breathing heavily, her hand holding her pussy lips apart as if she were about to pee.

I did not wake her but tucked her up and she looks so sweet as she sleeps.

15 August – Rose later than usual. Lucy was tired. We received a letter that Anthea wishes the marriage to commence soon. Lucy is full of joy.

17 August – No news from Jennifer and Lucy seems to weaken. She eats well and sleeps well but all the time the colour in her cheeks are fading. At night I hear her gasping as if for air. Last night I found her awake in the night leaning out of the window, her pussy thrust forwards again. The red lipstick marks were on her thighs once more.

Letter from Billington and Son to Messrs Carter and Paterson

17 August

Dear Sirs, Please receive these boxes in the ancient bathroom at the mansion. Find enclosed all keys which are labelled. Leave the keys in the main hall when you are done.

Yours,

S F Billington and Son

Mina’s Journal

18 August – I am happy as Lucy seems so much better. Last night she slept well. The colour comes back to her cheeks.

19 August – Joy joy joy. At last news of Jennifer. She has been ill and that is why she did not write. I must travel out to her and bring her home. I take only one change of dress. I must write no more. I must get to her.

Letter from Sister Agatha of Budapest Hospital to Miss Mina Murray

12 August

Dear Madam,

I write by desire of Jennifer Harker who is not strong enough to write. She has been under our care for six weeks suffering from brain fever. She wishes me to convey her love and say that she is sorry for her delay but she will return soon.

Yours with sympathy

PS She has told me ravings of wolves and piss and toilets and I fear to say of what. Be careful that nothing excites her. She reached the train station nearest Castle Wetula and demanded a ticket for home. Be assured she is well cared for.

Dr Seward’s Diary

19 August – Strange change in Renfield. At eight he became excited and sniffed about like a dog. All he would say was, “The mistress is near.” He became more and more excited and then a shifty look came into his eyes. I am weary and can think only of Lucy.

Later – Renfield has escaped. I searched for him with others and saw him scaling the wall out of the asylum to the grounds of the nearby deserted house. I found him on the other side pressing against the door of the old public bathroom. He was talking to someone inside. I heard him say, “I am here to do your wetting Mistress. I am your slave and I will be faithful. I await your commands.”

We closed in on him and he fought like a tiger. He is safe now in the straitjacket and chained to the wall in the padded cell. I sought to soothe him by lowering his trousers as he leaned back against the padding. I took his cock in my hand and felt it harden under my touch. Once it was as firm as could be, I lifted my dress and turned around, backing onto it until it slid into my pussy. I fucked him with my body, grinding back on him as he remained silent. I moved faster and faster until I felt him jerk in me before asking if he felt better. “I shall be patient, mistress. I am coming, coming, coming.” Hot spunk filled my pussy as I took the hint and came too, my clit throbbing almost painfully as my climax washed over me.

As I slid off him I turned and licked the last of his cum from the tip. I was too excited to sleep but writing in this diary has quieted me and I feel I shall now be able to rest.

Letter from Mina to Lucy

Budapest 24 August

“My dearest Lucy,

I know you will be anxious to hear all that happened since I left you in Whitby. I got to Hull and then onto the boat to Hamburg and the train on to here. I found Jennifer looking pale and thin. She is a wreck of herself and remembers nothing. She has had a terrible shock. Sister Agatha has been attempting the Eastern medicine of urine therapy, stripping her and peeing on her three times a day without fail.

Jennifer has enjoyed being peed upon to the extent that she has reached orgasm on every occasion without being touched anywhere by the hand of the nurses. I have expressed my gratitude to Agatha by taking her into a storage room and planting numerous kisses upon her lips. The sight of her nurse’s uniform aroused me so much as I kissed her that I found my hands sliding up it to cup her bottom which was unencumbered by any form of knickers above her stockings. As I caressed her skin she spoke to me of her pee therapy and her work in holding in her desire for the toilet, seeing it as part of her Hippocratic oath to do best for her patients. As she spoke I became increasingly desirous to try it out for myself but she insisted her pee could not be wasted.

As such I joined Jennifer in the treatment room, laying together naked in a light blue porcelain bath as Agatha stood over us and spread her legs to give us both a view of her pussy that was so delightful I had to kiss it. As I did so, Jennifer began to touch me in a way that suggested her mind was commencing to return to her.

Agatha began to pee on the two of us. It soaked my hair with its warmth, running down my face and my body and inflaming my ardour beyond belief. I lapped at her pussy as Jennifer did the same to mine, touching herself with her hand as we happy three began to enjoy the sensations of pee spreading across our bodies. I would not let Agatha step away until I had brought her to climax and I was able to see the contractions of her pussy around my tongue when she reached the peak of her pleasure. Beneath me Jennifer brought me to my own orgasm as she teased and caressed the most sensitive part of me. I found pee escaping me without any effort on my part and Jennifer rubbed it into her chest as she moved to lie above me, running her fingers through the flow of urine before smearing it onto her pussy, gasping out loud as she came at last.

The next day Jennifer told me more details of her journey and you have no cause to be concerned. I sit by her bedside now as she wakes.

She asked for her coat and I found her notebook but she asked me to leave her alone for a moment and I walked over to the window. She called me back and told me to read the book but not to tell her what was written within for fear of enflaming again her brain fever.

We are now married. I sealed her notebook with wax and told her it would remain unopened unless our lives were in danger. I am the happiest woman in the world since marrying and why do I tell you this? You are very dear to me and I wish to share my joy. I must stop for Jennifer is waking.

Your ever loving

Mina

Letter from Lucy to Mina

Whitby 30 August

My dearest Mina,

Oceans of piss and millions of kisses to you. The strong air here would soon restore Jennifer as it has restored me. Anthea is here and we have walks and drives and she fucks me so hard I can hardly move at times. She tells me she loves me. There she is calling to me to join her in bed again.

Your loving

Lucy

Dr Seward’s Diary

20 August – Renfield has quieted after a week of perpetual violence only quelled with repeated orgasms provided by me. Then one night he said, “Now I can wait.” He is now violent in the day and calm during the night.

23 August – Renfield escaped again. I sent word for attendants to follow and we found him with his head again pressed against the old bathroom door. When he saw me he became furious but then he suddenly grew calm as a bat flapped past.

Lucy Wetenra’s Diary

24 August – Last night I dreamed I was at Whitby. Mother is unwell. There was a flapping at my window last night but I still managed to fall asleep after masturbating with a candle deep within me, filling my pussy until I contracted around it and let my eyes close with it sliding from me. More bad dreams and I find myself never needing to pee these days. My face is pale and my bladder pains me. I shall cheer up when Anthea comes.

Letter from Anthea to Dr Seward

31 August

My dear June,

Lucy is ill and I know not the cause. I ask that you see her tomorrow after coming for lunch which will not arise her suspicions as to your attendance. Do not fail. I must attend my father who is also ill. Please inform me of your findings.

Letter from Dr Seward to Anthea

2 September

My dear lady,

In my opinion this is no malady I know of. She is woefully ill and all I could think of to do was provide her with restorative semen. To this affect I called my assistant to her and told him to undress. Lucy looked flushed when she saw the size of his organ but she was able to rise enough to admit him into her mouth, sucking and licking him as if her very life depended on it. She brought him to an orgasm in under a minute which impressed me no end as I watched him spurt cum into her mouth and onto her face which she licked hungrily down.

Afterwards she sank again into a malaise and informed me she had not urinated for many days. This is not something I have encountered before but I shall endeavour to make her pee and to that effect have forced her to drink countless vessels of fluid of all kinds but to no avail.

I have written to my old friend and master, Professor Van wetting of Amsterdam, an expert in this field as you know. I asked him to come at once.

Yours,

June

Letter from Abraham Van wetting to Dr Seward

2 September

My good friend,

I am coming to you. Have her near at hand so I can see her tomorrow. Till then goodbye my friend.

Van wetting

Letter from Dr Seward to Anthea Holmwood

3 September

My dear Ant,

Van wetting has come and come and gone. He came to see Lucy and examined her in detail. He suggested she may be revived by a threesome and as such did strip himself from his clothes and advised me to do the same. I stripped myself and had to help Lucy to undress as she is weaker than ever. He let the two of us lap at his cock which stiffened mightily under the caress of two tongues. Lucy seemed to strengthen during this and soon was riding his cock whilst I sat upon his face and enjoyed the sensation of his tongue up inside me. I watched Lucy bounce up and down on him with some of her old energy, holding her breasts in her hands as she leaned over and began to kiss me. I could not hold in my orgasm and it escaped me at the same time as a torrent of pee which almost choked poor Van wetting. He thrust faster upwards and I saw his cock twitch as he spurted cum into her pussy.

Afterwards he bade me leave them alone and I espied through the window him making the most intimate medical examination of her body, using a magnifying glass to closely observe her pussy and urethra whilst imploring her to attempt peeing but to no avail.

When I returned to them he told me he must away home and think. He would say nothing more and left shortly afterwards.

Dr Seward’s Diary

4 September – Renfield became so violent at noon that it took all my efforts to let his cock enter me in the pacifying way I had learned to carry out. I let him fuck my bottom today thinking it would perhaps calm him further. As he stretched my anus with his hard shaft I found myself overcome with heat and desire, orgasming thrice before he reached his own climax and filled my arse with hot spunk.

Later on he apologised for his anger and begged to be allowed to return to his own room so he is there again. “All over,” he said as he stared out of the window. “No hope for me unless I do it myself.”

Midnight – I returned from seeing dear Lucy to find him yelling at the setting sun. The man fascinates me.

Telegram Seward to Van wetting

4 September – Patient greatly improved.

Telegram Seward to Van wetting

6 September – Terrible change for the worse. Come at once.

Chapter 4

Dr Seward’s Diary

Van wetting came again with his case of effects, offering to stay for some considerable time. Lucy was ghastly pale, the red gone from her lips. Her breathing was painful to see or hear. Van wetting took me aside and said. “She will die of lack of fluid. We must provide her with some immediately.”

We went into her room and Van wetting took a collection of dildos from his medical bag. He handed one to me and took one for himself and together we approached Lucy who moaned quietly in distress. I took instruction from me, bringing her to a wetness that seemed to drip from her pussy by kissing her neck and teasing her nipples. I pressed the dildo to her pussy and let it slide into her as Van wetting called Anthea in to join us. He told her to piss in the patient’s mouth and she climbed above the bed and lifted her dress, squatting over Lucy’s face and letting golden fluid leak from her. It fell into Lucy’s mouth whilst we kept her moaning by fucking her pussy and arse with the dildos. As we did so Van wetting noticed a touch of red lipstick on Lucy’s thigh and he gave a sharp intake of breath but said nothing.

After Anthea had finished peeing into Lucy Van wetting and put his cock to her mouth and she brought him to orgasm in minutes. Van wetting climaxed onto her face and watched her lap at the thick fluid, drinking it down as if it were ambrosia itself.

Anthea was sent away and Lucy slept, her breathing stronger. “What do you make of that lipstick?” I asked.

“I must away and find books I need. Remain here and do not let her leave your sight. Watch her all night.”

8 September – I sat up all night with Lucy. Her spirits were good but she was afraid to sleep. I watched her until long after sunrise as she dozed. I fear I may have fallen into slumber myself at one point.

Lucy Wetenra’s Diary

9 September – I feel so happy. Somehow Anthea feels close to me. I am glad Dr Seward watches over me.

Dr Seward’s Diary

10 September – Van wetting returned and together we entered Lucy’s bedroom. She lay more white and wan than ever, even her lips were white. Van wetting looked furious. “We must get more fluid in her.”

He removed his clothes and stood by her face, frantically masturbating as she let her mouth fall open. Soon a spurt of cum escaped his cock and she swallowed eagerly without opening her eyes. He made me piss into her open mouth which I did so with all possible haste, watching her gulp down my pee as I found myself too worried for her to become at all aroused by the sight. Van wetting sent me home to rest afterwards.

11 September – Van wetting gave Lucy a wreath of garlic to hand round her neck and would broach no protest. He took toilet roll and wiped garlic all over the sashes of the windows before latching them securely. He did the same with the door and the fireplace.

He bade Lucy to rest and took me with him to his coach, noting the worry in my eyes and planting a kiss on my lips. I found myself becoming wet as his tongue entered my mouth and he stroked my body as the driver took us to my home. As we approached he lifted his cock free from his trousers and slid it into me, letting me ride him to an orgasm which assuaged my fears for at least a little while before kissing me goodnight whilst fucking me so hard I hit my head on the top of the coach. He came in me with a grunt and then I climbed down from the coach to a final kiss.

17 September – I was engaged in my study in the asylum when Renfield burst in and aimed for me. He tore my dress from me, scaring me so much a little pee leaked from me to the floor. Before he could attack further attendants arrived and found him lapping at me pee as it lay upon the floor. “Pee is the life!” he repeated over and over.

18 September – I drove to see Lucy but every window and door was fastened and locked. Van wetting arrived whilst I in vain sought ingress and he took out a surgical saw and together we attacked the iron bars over the kitchen window. Once they were cut through we climbed in and found nobody present. We ran to Lucy’s room and found her in a dead faint upon her bed, her mother dead beside her. Van wetting carried her over his shoulder and placed her in the first bath he could find, peeing straight into her mouth and imploring me to do the same. As I squatted over her face and spread my pussy lips apart to let urine trickle from me into her throat. She stirred a little and my heart soared.

“What is taking the piss we keep providing?” I asked.

Van wetting looked across at me. “That is the question my dear Seward.”

Letter from Mina to Lucy

17 September

My dearest Lucy,

I have my wife back. We are in Exeter with Mr Hawkins. Jennifer is putting flesh on her bones. But when are you to be married?

Yours,

Mina

Letter from Mina to Lucy

18 September

My dearest Lucy,

Mr Hawkins has died. Jennifer is to be chief mourner. Forgive me for troubling you.

Yours,

Mina

Dr Seward’s Diary

20 September - Lucy is dead. I took Anthea away from the body when Van wetting discovered it and she sobbed in a way that brought me to tears.

I returned to find Van wetting standing over her. “Peace at last,” I said to him.

“Not so. This is only the beginning,” he replied. I asked what he meant but he only answered, “We can do nothing yet. Wait and pee.”

Mina Harker’s Journal

22 September – I took Jennifer to the zoo in London. We sat watching the animals when Jennifer seemed to notice something and clutched my arm far too tightly. He was staring at a tall woman who was observing a pretty girl. She had big white teeth and very red lips.

“It is the woman herself,” Jennifer said. “It is the Countess but she has grown young. If only I knew.”

Later I received a sad telegram from Van wetting telling me Lucy had died, to be buried on the same day as her mother. Oh what a wealth of sorrow in so few words.

The Westminster Gazette 25 September

Hampstead has undergone a series of events which have been given the name The wetting Woman. During the past few days people have been seen to go missing only to return home soaked in urine and unable to say anything other than the wetting woman did it to them. The only thing each has in common is a smear of red lipstick was found upon each of their thighs.

Letter from Van wetting to Mina Harker

25 September – Thank you for allowing me to read your wife’s diary. Strange and terrible are the contents but it is all true. I also note the events in Hampstead recently which I believe to be connected. If my theory is correct I believe there is a figure who moved from contact with your wife to Whitby to London and is now responsible, gaining continual life from the urine of her victims. I visited the crypt of Lucy Wetenra and found her coffin empty. I believe she may have been corrupted by the one I seek and is even now beginning her journey to imbibe of the urine of her victims to sustain her unholy life.

I theorised what would defeat her and when I observed her return to her coffin in the early morning I ate as much garlic as I could find before once more entering the crypt. I pulled open the lid to her bed and pissed garlic smelling urine upon her body whereupon she began to smoke and hiss evil imprecations towards me before the urine soaked into her skin and the life of the undead was over and she came to as if she had been healthy all her life. I took her home and she rests there under the care of Sister Agatha of Budapest whom I implored to travel purely for this purpose to make use of her piss therapy with my garlic addition to her armoury. I am hopeful Lucy will yet make a full recovery. She remembers nothing of her time in the crypt which is probably a blessing. In addition Dr Seward has informed me of a patient of his who intrigues me and I intend to make use of this man. I will inform you how I progress.

Yours

Van wetting

Mina Harker’s Journal

30 September – Van wetting met with me and Dr Seward and others to discuss our course of action in his asylum office. He told us of his belief in wet vampires who derive sustenance from the piss of their victims. The only way to deal with them is by pouring garlic infused urine upon them and the best time is during the day when their power is at its weakest. We agreed to seek out this Wetula who resided perhaps still in the house Jennifer had provided for her beside the asylum as Renfield has hinted is the case with his insane actions.

Dr Seward’s Journal

30 September – After the meeting adjourned we contrived to allow Renfield to escape once more. He travelled in moments to the abandoned bathroom in the grounds of the old house and this time the door swung open. As it did so I stepped forward from my hiding place and wedged a slip of wood in the jamb so the door would not close fully.

We waited, Mina, Jennifer, Van wetting and I until the mutterings of Renfield faded away in the distance. Whilst we stood in silence, we each undressed ourselves, now wearing nothing but garlic wreathes around our necks, Jennifer holding an object in her hand that I could not identify. At last we slipped into the bathroom and looked around us in the darkness. At the far end we heard the hissing sound of urinating and edging forwards we saw Wetula in the end stall which was lit by candles and beautiful to observe. She was laid upon her back with her mouth open and Renfield was wetting directly onto her face. At the sight of her visage Jennifer let out a howl of rage and strode forwards before we could stop her. Renfield turned to run but stumbled over Wetula’s legs and fell to the floor, banging his head upon the wall and slumping into unconsciousness.

Wetula opened her mouth and revealed her long white teeth as her eyes flashed evil towards us, seeming to be only too aware of the danger she was in.

“You think you can ever defeat me?” she snarled, making to run for the door. She bowled into us but the sight of the garlic around each of our necks made her fall back until she was pressed against the wall of the toilet stall, holding her hand before her eyes as if the bulbs might blind her.

“Your reign of terror is over,” Van wetting said, “and now we shall rain down upon you.”

“No!” Wetula cried as Van wetting pulled on garlic infused medical gloves.

The Countess was pushed onto her back and her clothes torn from her as she fought to free herself, the air filling with the strong smell of garlic. Once she was naked we all found ourselves staring at her beautiful and flawless naked body, her high breasts with large rounded pink nipples, her taut stomach, the v of her pussy with not a hair in sight as Mina pulled one leg to a side and Jennifer the other. I squatted over Wetula’s screaming face and pulled apart the lips of my pussy, taunting her with one droplet at a time of pee, shaking them onto her face as she snarled and moaned in what could be mistaken for pain but was surely arousal.

I pushed down on my bladder with one hand and then a gushing waterfall of pee fell onto Wetula’s face, smearing her lipstick as she tried to wipe it from her skin before it injured her. Steam rose from her face as I peed until I could produce no more. I stood aside and Mina swapped with me, wetting onto Wetula’s clit and making her moan and writhe on the floor of the stall. Mina played with her own pussy as she peed, masturbating whilst tormenting Wetula until Van wetting aimed his cock at the Countess’s hair, peeing onto her head whilst Mina continued her own emissions.

Jennifer spread her legs as she stood beside the Countess and began to pee on her with a look of delight at finally getting revenge on the evil denizen of the night before her.

Every inch of Wetula was soon coated in pee and her whole body steamed and stank of garlic as she fought to rise and escape once more. She opened her mouth to scream and Van wetting shoved his cock into it, avoiding her sharp teeth on his way to the back of her throat. I held her legs in place as Jennifer revealed the glass dildo previously hidden behind her back. She shoved it straight into Wetula’s gaping pussy and the Countess screamed all the louder but the noise faded into a deep sigh of satisfaction as Jennifer began to fuck her in earnest.

Mina reached between Wetula’s legs and found her bottom, pushing one finger and then a second into her bottom, pushing as deeply as she could manage. Van wetting thrust as hard as he could until he grunted a garlic flavoured spunk into her mouth and made her swallow every drop.

I felt a hand on my bottom and realised it was Mina, leaning round to tease my pussy as she played with Wetula’s bottom further. My own climax hit me moments later and I turned to Mina and panted my gratitude before finding her clit and teasing it into an ardour that led Mina to scream in bliss as she came.

Wetula’s whole body rose into the air as she looked up at us all in sheer panic and then she sank down again and began to shake as the earth around us seemed to quiver alongside her. She let out a torrent of piss that sprayed over us all as she came over and over again, one orgasm after another washing over her in a wave whilst she peed like a fountain into the air.

The bathroom echoed with her noises of pleasure before at last she fell still, her eyes closing and looking for all the world as if she were dead. At last she blinked and began to breathe, the colour returning to her cheeks. She blinked again as if seeing the world for the first time, looking around at the four of us but not recognising who we were.

“Where am I?” she said, sitting up in a daze. “Why are you all naked? Oh my, why am I in a state of undress also? And why can I taste garlic in my mouth?”

Van wetting did his best to explain in simple terms that she had been ill for a long time but was now going to get better because of some unique treatment she had undergone. Wetula nodded in response, letting him help her to her feet and then we walked her slowly outside, none of us caring to dress, the heat of our indulgence keeping us warm as we walked to the asylum and into my office. Here I sat Wetula on a couch where she slumped back and closed her eyes, asleep within moments.

“What happens now?” Mina asked, looking across at Van wetting.

“She should be as well as Lucy from now on. The insanity of the last weeks is over.”

“And Renfield?”

“I believe his madness will itself ebb away as he awakens as if from a dream. As for myself I must return to Amsterdam to continue my work. I bid you all good night.”

It was an odd sight to see a naked man leave my office as if he were fully dressed, caring not for who saw his body exposed in such a way. After he had gone we three talked long into the night until Wetula began to stir from her slumber at last.

When she woke I allowed Mina to take her home to join that happy household, feeling certain all danger had now passed. I sent attendants to retrieve their clothes and then they did away in a coach, leaving me alone. I shall check in on them tomorrow but for now I feel I will sleep the sleep of the dead for I am exhausted by recent events. I am happy for something whispers in my mind that from this day forth, all will be well once more and from here on wetting in the mouths of others will only be for pleasure and never as a method to artificially sustain life of a wet vampire.

The End

