Born Again

Author: BabyJordan

*000*2014-07-11 18:31

Hi, This is my very first try at writing for Omo.org so I don't know if it will suck or not. But I thought I would give it a try. Fair warning though, I am only human so my grammar, punctuation, and spelling may not be the best. I'll edit later if needed, just don't be TOO nit picky. I'm sure this plot has been done over a million times but I like it and am writing for it anyways. What is the plot you ask? Read to find out, I don't do summaries. But no omo of any sort in this chapter. Will eventually happen in later chapters though I promise.

Prologue- The Incident

Tameria Skye woke drowsily and slowly rose from her bed, wondering why she was waking up so early on a Saturday. Sunday was her early day, it always had been. Not for religious reasons as her family had no religion, but she was always up by 5 am on Sunday, maybe because it was the final day of the weekend? She didn't know. But she was never close to being awake before 8 am on a Saturday, so why was she awake at 4:30 am right now?

Then she remembered. "I'm going off to college today" she mentally gasped. She couldn't believe it, eighteen whole years, all leading up to this. It had honestly been a shock even now, she had grown up her whole life seeming to drag on, and now suddenly adulthood just got real all at once. She allowed herself a few moments to reminisce on her childhood. It was perfectly decent, she was raised by her father alone as her mother had died in a train crash she preferred not to think about when she was 10.

Actually her father hadn't "raised" her per say, she mainly took care of herself as her father drowned himself in his work, presumably an attempt to cope with the death of his wife. Tameria never really knew what his job was, she knew it had something to do with science but was never intrigued enough to care or find out. Tameria was never into science, but was very much into books. She loved to read, if she could do nothing but sit around all day and read she would.

But she could not and she knew that. Because even if she had no need for a job, food, a bathroom, or any hygiene, she loved staying in shape. She had a good build on her if she had to say so herself, at 5'6'' she weighed a mere 120 pounds and had a nice 4-pack of abs that had all the guys in high school swarming. She never cared though, she wasn't into any of the guys there. Not girls either, no she didn't swing that way, she was fine and good with people who did but she just wasn't into anyone. It was determined in her mind somewhere in 8th grade that boys really wanted only a few things from girls, their bodies, their minds to cheat off of on major tests and projects, or their status, or money...

It was actually quite the list, but unfortunately love wasn't really on there. She knew there were probably some guys in the world that really loved a girl, but she was also just as sure they didn't live in the urban town of Marysville, Ohio. Maybe she would find a guy who did at college and be interested having a relationship for once. Probably not though, she believed that on the voyage of life, it's better to be on a friend-ship.

Having wasted enough time lying in bed and looking at the ceiling like a bored 12 year old in time out, she got up to go get ready for the day. After having a quick but relaxing shower and popping her eye contacts in over her ocean blue eyes she dressed in her favorite white Keep Calm And Look Fabulous T-shirt and dark blue shorts, Hello Kitty socks (what? she has to match?) and standard white Nike shoes. Upon looking in the mirror to brush her dark chocolate hair she smiled at herself, pleased. She exited her room to have breakfast with her father.

Well more like next to her father, her father really only ever had some toast and continued to work on whatever science thing he was doing right at the table. Today was no different. After an uneventful as ever breakfast Tameria washed the dish she had used and brushed her teeth. seeing as it was now 6:30 am and the sun was rising she thought it best to get on the road, she had no real reason to stay anyways since she had already been packed up the previous night.

She said goodbye to her father, with not much of a response, just his usual "have a good day" as if she would return in 7 and a half hours like in high school. She sighed, getting into her bright blue Prius and driving off. She was a very careful driver but was very excited! Tameria was the kind of girl who liked school, she managed to maintain a 3.8 gpa on top of book club, community service club, leadership, and several more clubs. She was well behaved too, never got in trouble. Once when asked to take pencils to the In-School Suspension room she had to ask a teacher for directions.

With her grades and extracurricular excellence, her first choice of university, the University of Kentucky, was all too pleased and practically jumped over itself to accept her to the Blue Wildcat family. She couldn't wait to get to college, her new life was beginning! she drove along at the legal speed though.

Unfortunately others didn't, what happened she couldn't tell. All she saw was a white blur and heard a loud, repetitive BANG. She felt a stab of pain throughout her body for a flash of a second, and then, nothing...

TO BE CONTINUED LATER

Comment below, but be nice!

*002*2014-07-13 17:09

Back again with Born Again, hi it's BabyJordan. I honestly expected this to suck eggs and be unpopular. But thanks you guys :) I know it's only been a few days but I thought you deserved another chapter. I wanted to add a new one before it was deemed to long from the last post to continue. I know that's like 2 months but I got addicted to Minecraft and got paranoid that I'd forget all about this. I would like to point out that I did not base Tameria of any person or other character and any similarities are completely coincidental. I also would like to ask what people would like to see in this fic. I tell you now there will be no messing or sex scenes of any kind at all throughout the story. Thank you for your input.

___

Chapter 1: Waking up

Tameria felt achy and groggy, she groaned as she was prompted to move. Her head hurt worse then she ever remembered it feeling, and her body... don't even bring that up. She moaned again as she was nudged in her side, though it felt more like a punch with a steel fist. "staaah." she tried to vocalize, attempting to cease any further contact with her mysterious source of pain.

"Tammy, sweetie you need to get up." said a voice. Tameria felt like she should have recognized it but it was too clouded sounding and her head was to pain filled. With an incredible amount of effort and determination she opened one eye, shutting it quickly as it was flooded with light.

"Too bright." she squeaked, her voice semi-found again. There was some faint shuffling, the light source that only worsened the pounding in her skull suddenly gone a few seconds later. The shuffling returned, coming towards her now she summarized.

"Sweetheart open your eyes, please? I want to see that beautiful ocean blue I missed so much the last two years." The mysterious voice whispered, much clearer now. It sounded loving and... familiar? Who was this stranger?

There was only one way to find out, she slowly opened her eyes, still heavy with sleep she was met with darkness. But when her eyes adjusted to the light, or lack thereof in the dark room, she made out the outline of a man, who was this man?

Deciding to try out her voice again she advocated her concern. "Who are you? Where am I? What are you going to do to me?" She asked, hoping the hint of fear she heard towards the end fell deaf on the ears of her... captor maybe? This made the man give a small smile, not that Tameria would see it.

"Well Dear, in that order: I am Cornelius Skye, your father. You are in my laboratory. But as for what I'm going to do to you, well I'm going to take care of you," he said simply. Tameria gaped, clearly surprised. There is no way she'd be willing to believe the man speaking to her was her father. He barely gave her the time of day for the last 8 years, why would he be waking her up for the day? He hadn't even done that when mother was alive. "I'm going to turn the lights on again, so shut your eyes again, OK?" The figure said, and she obeyed. Once again shuffling was heard and he could see the light behind her eyelids. She slowly opened her eyes and squinted as her eyes adjusted.

She was met with sight she didn't know how she felt about. It was her father, but his eyes were purple and baggy underneath, completely destroying the beauty of the chocolate brown circles it held, his face was tear stained on his paler then ever usually fair skin, his black hair looked as if it hadn't been washed since who knows when or brushed in just as long, his clothes were disheveled... it just wasn't pretty.

She shot up as quickly as she dared at the sight, noting that she was indeed in his laboratory, beaten down as it was, but that wasn't important right now. "Dad... what happened to you?"

The man, her father looked at her sadly, Tameria was afraid he would cry again. "Well Dearest, it's a long story." He sighed deeply before opening his mouth to speak...

_____

Cliffhanger! To Be Continued Later. I hope you liked this chapter, and tell me what you'd like to see omorashi-wise in future chapter. But not anything crazy and I'd like to keep it private, I hate public humiliation. I bet a good portion of you know where this is going. But again I am writing this anyways. I also would like to see if anyone would like to put their art skills to the test and see if they can draw Tameria. Please abuse the fact that you can leave comments and tell me what you think of the follow up.

*003*2014-07-29 02:59

Hi again, I thought I would post a new chapter. I'm not very motivated nowadays for anything really but I gotta pick it up. anyways without further ado.

______

Chapter 2: Why

"Y-you crashed your car, or rather, a car crashed into you. You were killed upon impact instantly. I was thankful that you hadn't suffered... But... I lost you. I lost my little girl. I couldn't. So I brought you back to life." Cornelius finished, slightly tearful. Tameria was astounded unlike she had ever been. She had died? But as if that wasn't enough to take in, her father had brought her back to life?

Cornelius did not take the silence well, "I assure you it's true my dear. It's all true. I have spent the last 15 years trying to bring you back, and now I have done it!" He proclaimed happily, a tired smile on his face. Tameria smiled back but was now curious.

"If what you say is true then how am I not horridly scarred. I have not even a scratch on me, father" She inquired. Cornelius smiled at his daughter.

"My dear, I am a physicist. Reconstructing bones, fixing hair, and healing scars are mere child's play for a man like me. Also given the fact that I have successfully resuscitated you from the afterlife is it really that you are unharmed that you question?"

This caused Tameria to smile, leave it to her dad to point that out. "Ok, then how did you bring me back?" Cornelius smiled again and began explaining the simple version of the whole ordeal.

"I mixed together all the elements of the world into a paste and spread it over your heart. it was very difficult to collect. I used soil from the African Rain Forest, sand and water from the Nile, lava and ash from Mount Vesuvius, grass from grasslands, tar from tar pits, sap from maple trees, and many more from many more places all over the world. This was an experiment conducted by an unknown scientist to bring back the dead. He was unfortunately died an ironic death before he could finish the experiment. But he kept notes in his diary of his theory and instructions for testing and hid it away in case such events occurred. I found said diary after 2 years of searching and proceeded the next 10 collecting the proper materials to bring you back... and it worked." He finished with a catch in voice.

Tameria listened intently, amazed at her father's astounding achievement. "But what about the other scientist? I mean I know he died, but was he... murdered?" She asked curiously, she wanted no such thing to happen to her father.

"Some believe so, others say it was a natural cause, but no one knows the person's name to identify a body, if there is even a body to find. Some say he was murdered by the government in a conspiracy for knowing too much. People can say all kinds of things on the subject but no one can say for sure."

Tameria thought for a moment. "Well I am still legally dead so I can't go anywhere or live a life or anything! If he was murdered by the government then the government here will just kill you too, and probably re-kill me. I've was dead for 12 years no one will believe I wasn't dead."

Cornelius smiled again. "That's why we say you were in a coma. I had made sure that your body was instead of being buried displayed in an open casket in my room. It was an odd request yes but necessary. Then we can simply say you were in a comatose state and revived to a father who never gave up on his child.

Tameria smiled widely, jumping up and hugging her father. He smiled and held her for a full minute before letting her go. "Come now you need a shower after 12 years." She giggled and nodded following her father out of the room.

_____

And that's all, Folks :) at least until next time. There will be omo in the next chapter one or two accidents to start. Then from there I will take requests.

*005*2014-07-29 08:13

Thank you for your input. I didn't even really think of that. I'm trying to portray Tameria as one of those people who worry about others more then themselves. Yeah that is true. Unless you aren't really a good parent. Which I was also going for. But I'm going for that he gets better as the story goes on. But I see what you're saying and it is a very good point.

*007*2014-07-29 08:20

{{:

I like the idea of this story, so hopefully you keep updating. The only thing that I noticed is in the second installment you said that it had been two years since he had seen her blue eyes. At the beginning of the latest installment you say he spent fifteen years trying to bring her back to life and then you say she has been dead twelve years. Just a little bit confusing otherwise it is pretty interesting:)

Trust me, there are quite a few parents who will do this. Some who even do really care for their children. It just depends on the person I suppose.

}}

I did? Oh god sorry. hehe. I sorta stopped and started when writing so I guess I must've switched it mid-way. Can you show me where so I can fix it?

*009*2014-07-30 05:31

Oh. Wow. That went completely over my head. How can I edit that? I see no edit button.

*011*2014-08-23 17:33

Ok, the next chapter is still in progress. I've been busy for quite a while, still am. I'm not getting any requests like I'd hoped but oh well. I'll update again in the future I promise :) Btw 15 is the actual legitimate number I want to use. Sorry about that again!

*014*2014-09-13 17:00

There will be in the upcoming chapter, I was just hoping someone who pitch me an idea. I want to give people some influence. But so far no dice there.

