Ride Home

Author: ShadowDog

*000*2011-12-09 00:19

WARNING: This story is male/male and contains crossdressing and masturbation in a public place.

This was my very first omorashi story, and I still like it, so here it is. These guys are my original characters.

Ride Home

The screech of large brakes snapped everyone waiting at the crowded stop to attention, the fourth bus of the day arriving just a few minutes behind schedule. This one was going uptown, and was the one Moru wished to board. He was the only one who took the three steps into the vehicle before the doors closed, and the sight made him slightly relieved. The seats were mostly empty, and he chose one near the back.

Now began the waiting game.

Ever since he walked out of the administrative building he felt eyes on his back, and there was only one person who thought he was sneaky enough to get away with 'stalking' him. He knew he was being followed by Blaze by default then, but Moru didn't know what exactly to expect. Perhaps he wanted to just surprise him with a visit after work instead of waiting for the commute to end?

The bus made another stop, and a group of high school aged girls got on, dressed in the usual skimpy outfits and such- and behind them came someone that failed horribly at blending in with them. As if having a goatee and sideburns would automatically make you a candidate for what looked like the school cheer-leading squad.

The red-head just about died at the sight, and it was nothing to do with embarrassment.

The man wore a white skirt to his knees with some obscure school pattern on it, along with a sleeveless white tank-top with a matching logo. Even his shoes were emblazoned with the marks. What had he done, raided a girls locker room?

Blaze made his way down the isle as if he was totally inconspicuous, oblivious to the stares of the handful of people on board already. The red-head quietly noted the way he seemed to squirm as he walked, and the thought made him shift in his seat.

Surely this wasn't what he was planning... right?

He reached the edge of Moru's seat and squeezed past him to sit next to the window. Once seated he dropped his nonchalant act and began fidgeting. Now that his bottom half was hidden from view of the other passengers, he pressed a hand hard against his crotch, trying to find a comfortable way to clench his legs together.

Just watching was making the older man's face redden, and it got even better when the bus finally hit an open stretch of road and started its barely registrable jarring and jerking.

It was as if every little bounce of the tires was amplified, Blaze couldn't sit still for more than a second or two at a time, constantly shifting positions and making little noises out of sheer effort to maintain his composure. He hadn't even really done anything and already he was driving Moru mad. The aforementioned man was very glad he had chosen a seat towards the back, where the windows were covered by ads and patrons were less likely to venture, as he had chosen to wear slacks that morning and the tent on the front of them was plain as day.

Blaze gave a small whine as the the vehicle hit a rather deep pothole, the back of the bus jerking hard. His hands shook and he rubbed his knees together furiously, looking as if he was about to break that instant. Moru swallowed hard and watched carefully, but after a few seconds it seemed that it had passed. The ink-haired man relaxed slightly, before seizing the moment to quickly turn and scoot himself onto his partners lap.

Moru felt Blaze's thighs tighten against his hips, his hands gripping so tight between his legs that the knuckles were turning white. His face was strained hard, and Moru took it as a hint and let his own hands help. He slid them up Blaze's skirt, feeling the cotton underwear, slightly damp from the light sheen of sweat that seemed to be all over him.

Gradually, the younger of the two let his own fingers slip away, allowing himself to be held by his partner. He was making the most delightful shivers, the muscles in his legs tense and twitching every so often. The red-head grinned slyly at him and pulled his cupped palms back ever so slightly.

The look on Blaze's face was priceless, and the whimper he made was even more-so. He rolled his hips forward, grinding them hard into Moru's hands and pushing down until he sandwiched them between both of their groins. The elder bit his lip to stay silent, while the other made a quiet mewl.

They could have gone on like this for a while more, but it was now when the tires chose to turn from smooth asphalt onto unfinished pavement. The transition sent sudden vibrations to the floors and seats, and suddenly Moru felt a few spots of wetness against his fingers. His lover locked up tightly, leaning against his shoulder with a gasp. The flow was cut off after only a few drops, he'd been practicing apparently.

The red-head didn't hide his smile, and his own hips twitched. He was loving every second of this, and he wanted more. Two of his fingers began rubbing idly against the dampness, and he was rewarded with a low moan and a small jerk.

Blaze was trembling helplessly, and the next patch of rough was it. This time it was a short stream that escaped, and Moru felt it dribble down his fingers as his partner whined and tried desperately to cut it off. He finally managed to before much damage was done, but now the need was even more dire.

Both of them were panting heavily, waiting for the next move. Moru squirmed in his own spot, increasingly impatient for the moment, and Blaze shook and twitched like it would be any second now.

There was a loud screech as the tires suddenly skidded to a halt at a stop, and Blaze gritted his teeth hard, managing to last through the initial stop- but then came the recoil of the cab. He squeaked quietly, every muscle in his body as taught as wire, but it didn't inhibit the flow at all. One hand left his lover to rub frantically against his clothed erection as Blaze finally relaxed and let it go full force. The red-head under him felt the hot liquid splashing over his hand and streaming into his lap, onto the seat, and making sounds as it pattered against the rubber shoe-grips where it puddled messily.

He came hard, stifling the sound in his throat and arching off the seat, feeling the wetness slosh around him. Blaze leaned against him heavily, panting as if he'd never catch his breath again. He'd worry about his own arousal once their stop was reached, which would be any moment now. For the time remaining, they both merely rested as they were, regulating their breaths and controlling their trembling.

Sure enough, the next screech of the brakes was for their apartment building.

They rose and walked, albeit still a bit shakily, down the isle and out of the folding door, paying not the least bit of attention to the murmurs and eyes of the other passengers regarding the fact that they were both visibly soaked with urine that pattered onto the floor behind them.

If anything, it made their day even better to leave like that.

