Desperate Sexy Cousin

Author: Brenman

*000*2021-11-15 02:13

Part 1

Cousin Shirley

So this is the story of my wonderful cousin Shirley and our agreed upon challenge to hold in her pee to unbearable lengths.

Shirley was born a beautiful blonde girl to a household of mostly men. Her parents had had four sons before Shirley was born, and the household subsequently featured a noticeably masculine atmosphere featuring the camouflages, the hunting rifles, the fishing rods, the budweiser beer signs glowing at lighting fixtures in the hallway, just about all of the usual set dressing that comes with the majority of the households at Blythe County West Virginia.

Whether by nature or by nurture, a debate that occurred on many less than serious dinner table sessions and drunken nights around the bonfire with family, Shirley emerged as a bit of a tomboy at a very early age. Nowhere to be found in little Shirley’s room were the Barbies, the princesses, the frilly pink dresses and the pink play cars of most little girls in the area she was from, instead, Shirley’s room was decked out in much the same manner as the rest of the house, camouflage, a steel guitar mounted on a wall beside a meatloaf poster (her father’s touch to her room), G.I. Joe dolls, fishing boots in the closet, but where was Shirley to be found in this oddly masculine room? Nowhere to be found. Shirley was out hunting and fishing with the boys.

Shirley was raised with a tough-as-nails, country girl demeanor, accompanied with the typical Southern, West Virginia accent of Blythe County. Though my mother had originally come from this same area, we moved up to New England years ago and I therefore had so little connection to the culture of West Virginia, that I often had to stifle a laugh when someone with an especially thick accent would let out a, “Well, Shucks!” a “Golleee!” or a classic, “Would you shut your pie-hole?!”. The whole thing was a bit of a carnival, visiting West Virginia, and I always viewed the place with a sort of detached, but not malicious, humor and amusement.

We’d attend a family reunion of some sort or another down in West Virginia every two or three years or so, and one of the unexpected consequences of these frequent visits was that I was treated to a fast track phantasmagoria of Shirley growing up through all of the awkward stages of childhood and adolescence, culminating finally in the gorgeous, and surprisingly, gorgeously feminine, young woman that she was turning out to be. I want to be clear here, this isn’t to suggest that Shirley had taken to wearing lacey plaid dresses, women’s sweaters and ribbons in her hair, her outward fashion sense was still as masculine and “redneck” as ever, but boy oh boy had this girl’s physique changed and developed over the years.

At the ripe young age of 19, Shirley now had flowing blonde hair that reached past her shoulders when down, but she dutifully kept her hair tied tightly behind her head in a taut bun, military style. She had large round breasts, which she almost never showed off, kept hidden behind large, baggy, plaid flannel shirts, keeping with her “mountain girl” style, which often flowed behind her, covering her gorgeous ass which she often kept tightly encased in camouflage-patterned leggings, painted onto Shirley’s round derriere, stopping just above her knees on both legs. Long thick wool socks and hiking boots were her typical footwear of choice, in line with her exorbitant routine of physical activity.

Yes sir, Shirley had grown into a fine young woman, passing through puberty with ridiculous abundance. Gone was the nearly androgynous looking tomboy of a child she once was. Now Shirley had much more of a camoed out Jessica Simpson look. Large round breasts and a ridiculously toned body developed not from hours on the treadmill like most by-attending girls in her highschool, but instead from rigorous, outdoor survivalist-type activities, always much more intense and extreme even than most of the guy’s workouts of the young men she knew.

Whereas most girls were happy to show off tamed thighs built strong from treadmill and elliptical sessions, Shirley’s mountain climbing workouts had the advantage of verticality, and the result was Shirley’s sublimely round, gorgeous toned, mouthwatering ass, a large, beautiful ass like Kelsi Monroe’s infamously round ass, and Shirley had another advantage over the other local girls, Shirley didn’t wear skirts, instead, her ass was displayed in tight shorts and tight leggings on a nearly constant basis as she trounced to and fro down the highschool locker hallways.

Guys always drooled over the Shirley’s butt on the days when she donned her camouflage legging shorts, the green pattern waving and sashaying on her gorgeously tight butt-cheeks as she walked down the halls, an ass of the woods, the camouflage pattern suggested, the ass of a girl in a secret woodsy cabin you might luckily stumble upon on a hunting excursion, the ass of a fantasy redneck country girl these guys would happily “wifey-up” with if only they could get a date with her, the ass of a mystical “woman of the wood”, nature’s booty, walking away on this ridiculously sexy, hunter barbie doll with the great big Jessica Simpson smile and mane of blonde hair.

Many boys relished the opportunity to walk behind Shirley as she descended a flight of stairs, drinking in the view of her delicious butt from below as her taut legs and sweet ass climbed upwards just feet before their eyes. Shirley knew she attracted looks, but couldn’t care less, always the tough girl, and almost never the flirt. Plenty of “Shirley you'll give me you’re number, right?”s and “Shirley I can take you out for sweet tea”s came Shirley’s way from the awkward teen boys of her neighborhood and school on a fairly constant basis. “That joke stopped being funny with Airplane” Shirley would retort.

So then, to go ahead and address some questions that may be haunting you, dear reader, was I attracted to my sexy cousin Shirley? Well, yes, I “Shirley” was. Did I feel conflicted about this attraction? The answer is also yes, for as taboo as this attraction seemed to me at the time, and still does now, all I can say is that if you ever had any family member that looked like Shirley, well then maybe, just maybe, you might understand, and might even have some fetishistic attraction and relatability to this very story right now, for after all, why else would you continue reading? You don’t have to answer that, if you don't want to, dear reader…

Our family had long had a tradition of renting a campground spot for our family reunions, they were always cheaper, and arguably more fun than your typical long distance road trip full of hotel rooms and expensive dinners. We were into the great outdoors, and pointless though it may have seemed to some, we nearly always rented a campground spot in the State of West Virginia itself, as though we were on a mission to try all them “right here at home” before allowing ourselves to move on to a different state with different spots. I never minded much, as it was always a novelty to me, being anywhere in West Virginia at all, in that we were coming from up north and out of state every time.

This particular family reunion was a bit different however, as it seemed that with the advent and proliferation of “Air BnB”, all of the “adults” (my parents’ generation), had reached an age, or a level of money and the ensuing level of comfort, to now prefer renting a house near the campground while they allowed all of “us kids” to do the camping in the wilderness all on our own now. This prospect didn’t much bother us, as it meant that we could likely be freer and looser out in the woods, could smoke weed and talk about raunchy topics, could drink and laugh and carouse and be free of judgement out in the woods, and it also meant that we’d now have a secure, locked location in which to store some of our more valuable belongings if we so chose.

We’d been driving on the road all day long, since early that morning when we left New England, and had reached West Virginia and were close to the campground, but had been lost on thin woodsy Appalachian mountain roads for the past half an hour now, and to top it all off, my mom had been complaining about “needing the ladies room” with increasing frequency while my dad looked just stared ahead stupefied as he drove. Where was the campsite? This campground was new to us, and it had a reputation of being “gloriously lost in the hollows” and “hard to get to”.

This proved to be an understatement to my father, and his frustration as the car wound around the twisting mountain roads was almost as palpable as my mother’s increasing need to pee, which she reluctantly displayed by shifting constantly in her seat, resulting in annoying squeaky sounds on the seat’s leather upholstery, tapping her fingers quickly on her thighs below her denim mom-shorts, letting out loud sighs of frustration, accompanied by utterances such as,

“Goddd, all that sweet tea. Im about to blast off…” as she fanned her thighs in and out, or,

“What? do people never pee around here?”

“Ugghhh, I really need the restroom, John.” (my dad), or, perhaps my favorite moment, as she all but intentionally gave my dad a big round of applause with the loud slapping sounds of her clapping thighs, my dad finally asks,

“Do you wanna pee in the woods, Susan?” at which my mom quickly grabbed her crotch with a tight squeeze, uttering a frantic sounding,

“Oh, please don’t say pee right now.”

She held herself for a precious two seconds through her shorts before removing her hand, gripping the seat beside her tightly, while the males in the car just ignored her desperate need. Wow, my mom really needs to piss, I thought to myself. If only she were a stranger this might actually be hot, though with it being my mother, a slim, attractive woman in her forties though she was, it was hard to see this scenario in much of a very “sexy” way at all, but if interested in a visual representation of my mother, lets just say she strongly resembled actress Kathryn Hann, a comparison she often gets, and on this day as we drove through the woods, she donned a cotton white button down short sleeved shirt, denim “mom-shorts”, and a very worried looking facial expression and fidgety composure that screamed “I need to PISS and I just can’t hide it.”

My dad pulled the car to a slow stop when we reached a large wooden sign finally, painted with arrows of differing directions, presumably indicating areas of the campground we were looking for. As my dad squinted throughout he windshield for a long moment, my mom squeezed her denim-clad crotch tightly once more and held herself for several seconds.

“Ohhhhhh, God, I need to pee, John!” she quickly turned back to me in the back seat. “Do you need to pee, Alex?!” before I could answer (and what would it matter?) she turned back to my dad, gripping his sleeve, “I need to pee so badly, John.”

“Calm down, Susan, we’re clearly nearly there, and they said they'd be out here waiting to meet us!” my dad replied with annoyance to his desperate-to-pee wife.

“They’re not here! I need to go somewhere.” and here, my mom actually unbuckled her seatbelt and reached for her car door handle, as if to open her door, however, my dad was already turning the car down the road saying,

“Hornton Campground, this way.” as the car again began careening down the thin, woodsy, dirt road.

HONK!!! A loud car honk had us all jolt to the right with sudden surprise, my mother letting out a loud, “Oh!” as she grabbed her crotch tightly for a couple of seconds. We all turned and saw, parked in a little removed nook in the woodsy road, Uncle Ronnie and Aunt Linda sitting in the front seat of their mini van, wearing funny looking costumes. Costumes you might be asking? Yes, for reasons which I was to learn of several minutes later, Ronnie and Linda decided to mark their new retirement as a pleasant chapter of their lives that came with a much more relaxed, goofy, youthful playfulness that extended all the way to dressing up like Wizard of Oz characters, it here being Scarecrow and Dorothy. My aunt Linda, my mom’s sister, strongly resembled actress Angie Harmon, but with dark red hair as opposed to dark brown. Today she had her hair in long braids like Dorothy from Wizard of Oz, and was wearing Dorothy’s classic blue-plaid farm girl dress.

Linda looked annoyed to the point of near anger as we pulled up however, very out-of-character with Dorothy’s usual, farm girl beatific charm, as written by the great L. Frank Baum. Her husband, my uncle Ronnie, as I was to learn later, had felt that when Linda did her braids that morning, unbeknownst to her, she’d resembled Dorothy from Wizard of Oz, and he had then taken it upon himself to insist that he and his wife “be young again” and lean into the silly visual comparison, and that they’d actually gone out to GoodWill and Savers all morning as well as Party City, before departing on the two hour drive out to meet us near the campground and rental house.

Ronnie was made up and dressed up as a ridiculous looking scarecrow, beside his Dorothy-looking wife in the front seat of their mini van. This vehicle had two more rows of seats behind them, where I saw my cousin Shirley, as well has her friend Sarah, her boyfriend Mark, and another girl about our age (Shirley was 19, I was 21) that I hadn’t met before, with very short hair, wearing a hokey looking cowboy hat and old western-cowboy looking vest. Shirley’s brothers were absent of course, as they'd all left home for their military careers.

As my aunt Linda (my mom’s sister) lowered her window, sitting passenger in the front seat beside Ronnie at the wheel, my dad smiled a big, boisterous smile seeing their ridiculous Wizard of Oz costumes. His joyful mood was quickly interrupted by Linda however, as she immediately and frantically exclaimed, looking extremely distressed,

“Where have you guy been?! We’ve been waiting here more than an hour and I need to pee like a goddamn racehorse!”

“Oh my god, please don’t say pee, sister, you have no idea!” My mom exclaimed with a laugh from the front seat.

“What, Susie needs to pee too!?” Ronnie asked with a big, amused looking smile from behind the wheel.

“Oh you know women, Ron, theres always gotta be something to complain about.” my dad replied, as my mom slapped him on the arm.

“Can we just get to the house?!” Linda exclaimed in annoyance to her husband. Ronnie put the mini-van into drive and began to drive the vehicle forward.

“Ill just follow you” my dad said, before following suit. And as we followed their car through the woodsy campground, my dad said to my mom, “See, you’re not alone, both you Harris (my mom’s maiden name) girls need the ladies room. Is that any consolation?”

“Just please hurry, John.” my mother whimpered frantically underneath the loud clapping sound of her thighs slapping against each other, looking like a swiftly-chopping pair of scissors, and her knuckles turned white gripping the hanging handle from the car’s roof beside her head, as she whimpered a quiet, muffled,

“Ohhh I’m gonna peeeee…” between strained breathing through clenched teeth.

All around us, various different families and campers were setting up tents to and fro, retrieving coolers and picnic blankets from the trunks of their cars, fishing rods, charcoal, beers, all sorts of jolly, in-the-woods items of intrigue, activity and glee. As we drove, my mom’s legs kept slapping against each other, but she seemed determined not to hold herself like a little girl, being a woman of forty-six years of age now. Still, she looked like she were right on the verge of pissing her denim shorts, and the clapping sound of her thighs was so loud you’d think even the people outside could hear my mother’s thigh-applause.

“Oh goddd, I’m gonna pee. I’m about to pee, John.” she said to her husband.

Just then, following Ronnie and Linda’s mini van in front of us, the road turned out of the woods completely as we came upon the big lake that was featured as being part of the campground. The lake also featured several lakeside houses, big, nice, two-story rentals that were clearly developed as a summer-tourist money making scheme, much to the happiness and convenience of retirees, even early retirees like Ronnie and Linda, as one of these lakeside houses was clearly the property we were renting for this little family vacation. Upper-middle class looking families in khakis and pastel polos were bringing in their luggage to their respective homes, there were young people tossing back a frisbee in the front lawns of one of the houses, people drinking beers looking out over the glorious lake view, happy families enjoying summer sojourns by the lake, everywhere.

Finally, Ron’s van pulled into one of the driveways and my mother nearly flew out of the car as the vehicles pulled to a stop.

“Oh my god, is this the house?!” she asked, as without waiting for a reply, she ran up the wooden stairs to the front door of the house. Linda shot out of the mini van and followed suit. My mother, stepping from foot to foot frantically in her flip flops on the front porch of the house, gripped the doorknob and stamped her foot in frustration finding it obviously locked. She turned back to us.

“Who has the key?!” she whimpered loudly. Linda meanwhile, I’d noticed, was actually squeezing her crotch through her little blue-plaid Dorothy dress, the hemline of her dress being short enough to show off the back of Linda’s long tanned thighs, almost short enough to catch a glimpse of my aunt’s infamously taut (she worked out a lot) behind. Linda was also stepping back and forth from foot to foot as she let out frustrated sighs, her Dorothy braids waving in the wind as she stepped in circles on the front porch. Linda spent lots of time suntanning these days and was quite the fox for her age. Two sexy sisters in their mid forties, a Kathryn Hann lookalike and an Angie Harmon dressed as a slutty looking Dorothy from Wizard of Oz, both huffing and puffing and walking in circles, yearning to get inside the house and empty their overly full bladders.

Shirley got out of the van next, looking more gorgeous than I’d ever seen her. She sported a plaid flannel shirt like usual, but she’d tied the lower half of the shirt behind her, exposing her gorgeously tanned midriff, her belly button winking, and she’d also rolled up the sleeves of her shirt in the warm, summery air, showing off tanned forearms from weeks outside in the sunny summer haze. She had on her usual camouflage-legging-shorts, tight as ever on her muscular thighs.

“Good to see you cousin!” Shirley said to me with her Southern accent and her great big Jessica Simpson toothy smile, before embracing me tightly in a hug, smashing her breasts against me through our shirts.

“Alex! Good to see you, partner!” said Mark, Shirley’s friends’ long time friend, and boyfriend of her friend Sarah, as he stepped out of the mini van.

“Hey man!” I said with a smile back to him.

“You remember Sarah and Mark, of course. This is my friend Maxine.” Shirley said, gesturing to a pretty girl in a campy, 50s western style cowboy hat as Maxine, as it were, stepped around the mini van from the other side with a smile and extended a hand to shake mine. Maxine, one would have thought, also donned a costume that day, and boy did she look as silly as the Scarecrow and Dorothy. Maxine had a pretty smile, and a very short, boyish haircut underneath her big white, almost cartoonish-looking, cowboy hat. She wore a glittery white and blue cowgirl vest, if you will, and tiny little sequined turquoise short shorts that barely covered her long, thin, pale legs, all leading down to big, flashy, white cowboy boots.

She later explained to me that she was trying to look like Cyndi Wood, and in particular her appearance in Apocalypse Now, in the infamous sequence of the film wherein Cyndi Wood, and two other playboy playmates, were flown in in helicopters in sexy little outfits for the entertainment of the Vietnam war soldiers. Other than Maxine wearing a vest rather than Cyndi Wood’s bikini top, the resemblance was uncanny. Maxine’s vest showed off her stomach and I had to admire her thin waist and long legs in her sexy, flashy little shorts.

“Well, howdy, cowgirl!” I said to Maxine, taking her hand in mine, greeting her for the first time. She took my hand and pulled me in close for a hug, and I couldn’t help but admire just how soft and smooth this young girls’ skin was as I caressed her back, just below her little cowgirl vest, while we hugged.

“Howdy! I know, right?” Maxine said, motioning over herself, admiring her own get-up.

“Maxine’s my friend from DC, and when she heard we were gonna be roughing it out in the woods of West Virginia, she said she was gonna get a cowgirl outfit to…” here Shirley did air-quotes “play the part” with us out in the woods!” Shirley laughed, saying this.

“Well I’ve never been to the South!” Maxine said, doing a little cowboy dance in her ridiculous looking outfit. “My parents are film buffs, and this is my mom’s old esoteric Halloween costume that nobody ever got! She’d explain time and time again, I’m Cyndi Wood from Apocalypse Now!”

“Love that movie.” I said.

“Believe it or not, she decided to dress up like a southerner” Shirley gestured to Maxine. “or whatever this is, completely separately from them dressing up in their Wizard of Oz outifts.” Shirley said, motioning towards our parents.

I turned and looked, my dad was hugging his brother in law, my Uncle Ronnie, dressed up in a whole scarecrow costume, head to toe, bellowing out a great big laugh in the driveway, while my mom and aunt Linda in her little Dorothy dress and braids, were frantically dancing a tight-stepped, desperate looking pee-dance on the wooden front porch of the house, just outside the front door, Linda openly clutching her crotch through her plaid blue Dorothy dress, while my mom urgently stepped from foot to foot clenching her hands in fists just beside her legs, clearly fighting hard against the urge to hold herself openly in front of all of us, never mind the neighbors.

People were outside grilling on the lawn of the house just next to ours, only meters away, and had given us small waves as we’d pulled in the driveway earlier. Gone were all of the trees that could have been used for cover, there was no hiding in this sunny neighborhood, full of American citizens on their well earned summer vacations.

“Where are the keys, Ron?!” Linda snapped at her husband.

“They’re here somewhere in a little box is what the landlord said! It should be in plain sight somewhere!” uncle Ronnie replied from the driveway, looking around at the facade of the house.

“Look!” I said, pointing. There was a little plastic box on the front of the house behind a chair on the porch down low, and the adults seemed to be unable to see it, so I ran ahead up the stairs of the porch, crouching down showing the little box. As I stepped onto the porch, Linda let go of her crotch and gave me a hug.

“How you doing Linda?” I asked as I pulled away from her and crouched by the lock box, a little number pad attached to it at the top.

“My teeth are floating in urine, that’s how I’m doing.” she said as she turned away from me and began walking in quick tight circles, unable to stand still for a second.

“What’s the code?!” I hollered out. “There’s a number code to open the box!”

“Code?” Ronnie said, pulling out his phone. “Here, let me check the text!”

“Goddamn you, Ron! You said we could get right in!” snapped Linda.

“Watch your tone, young ma’am!” Ron said, sarcastically. As I was crouched down beside the little lock box, I turned and was pleasantly surprised with the sight of aunt Linda’s tight sexy legs beneath the hemline of her shorts frilly dress, and because of my eye level and the way she was holding herself tightly through the dress, the hemline had ridden up even further, exposing the bottoms her her gloriously tanned butt cheeks as she stepped frantically around the porch. My mother meanwhile was standing in place moving her legs like she were on some sort of elliptical machine in a gym, and had taken to biting her forefinger tightly between clenched teeth and frustrated sounding sighs of desperation.

“Here, let me call the landlord.” Ron said, bringing the phone up to his ear.

“Oh my god!” Linda said, looking around the bright open, exposed neighborhood. “I really can't wait, I have to pee under the house.” Linda said, looking down at the the concrete pillars holding up the house and the narrow space beneath the house. As it was a lakeside foundation, the house was raised off of the ground several feet in case of flooding, I suppose. There was a small, dark, cavernous space beneath the house.

“What are you talking about, pee under the house, Linda?” my mother asked in seeming annoyance, looking over to her sister who was now stepping quickly down the stairs.

“Exactly what I said, theres nowhere else to go. Everyone can see us.” Linda said, motioning out to all of the various neighbors and lakeside campers in the distance around us. “And I have got to pee right now.”

The rest of us young kids just watched in disbelief at the desperate antics of our mothers.

“What’s the code, Ron?” my mom snapped at uncle Ronnie, still listening to the phone. He brought the phone down from his ear, saying,

“No answer. We’ll have to wait. Honey, what are you doing?” Ron said, looking over to Linda walking around beside the staircase, holding herself through her dress as she eyeballed the space beneath the house’ raised foundation.

“I need somewhere to pee, Ron, or I’m gonna piss myself. I need you to help me.” she said, turning to me with urgency clear in her eyes and tone of voice.

“With what?” I asked.

“Come down here.” she said, beckoning me quickly with one hand. I rushed down the stair over to her.

“Honey, there’s snakes under there!” Ron yelled as he called the landlord again with his cell phone.

“Oh my god” Linda said to me, stepping from foot to foot beside the house, looking at the space underneath. My mother, meanwhile had taken to holding herself with one hand, tightly through her shorts, while squatting down next to the lock box, waiting to enter the code.

Mark, Sarah, Shirley and Maxine, meanwhile just watched nervously and speechlessly from the driveway, none of them quite knowing what to do or say. Ronnie just sighed in frustration as he brought the phone away from his ear again.

“No answer.” he said.

Linda was now holding herself underneath her dress, exposing her sexy, red lingerie panties beneath her fingers.

“Look, aunt Linda, I’m sure we can ask the neighbors if you can use their toilet, you don’t have to pee under the house.” I said, feeling genuinely bad for my desperate, but sexy Aunt.

“Just hold this dress and crouch in front of me, I can’t wait.” she said as she quickly forced my hand to grab the hemline of her Dorothy dress, and quickly exclaimed, “Squat down. Down here, Alex!” as she brought herself down to a squat, unable to wait for me to follow, her entire legs and red pantied crotch were on display as I held up her dress. I quickly kneeled down in front of her, doing my best at “covering” for her as I watched my Aunt Linda frantically grip her red thong and pull it several inches to the side of her tight, shaved little pussy and LET LOOSE an absolute TORRENT of urine onto the ground sending a volley of splashing little beadles of piss that I could feel splashing onto my exposed shins as I kneeled before her in shorts. Linda’s pussy was pissing a fierce volley of piss, clearly the result of holding it for several hours, and her face had a beatific look of relief mixed with agony.

“Oh my godddddd, oh my goddddddd” Linda uttered between long sighs of relief as she peed and peed away, finally getting the relief she needed.

Just then Ronnie’s phone rang. “Oh hey, here’s the landlord!” He answered, “Hello, yes, Im here and we just need the code to get into the lockbox for the key.”

My mother meanwhile was watching him like a hawk, just waiting for the code. Linda was still pissing fiercely and noisily into the ground below her squatting figure. The others just shuffled around chuckling nervously with the awkwardness of the situation.

“4 3 1 5!” uncle Ronnie finally called out to my mom. Linda meanwhile was just finishing up peeing by now, her vagina dribbling loosely. She shook herself dry, as dry as she could, before allowing her thong to snap back into place over her sexy milf pussy as she put her hands on my shoulders as the two of us stood up, finally. “Thank you, sorry for that.” she said with a sheepish smile and a final sigh of relief.

“It’s okay, Linda.” I said, smiling to my pretty Aunt.

My mom entered the code, and the key fell into her palm. She frantically stood up, stepping from foot to foot as her shaking hand struggled to get the key inside the lock. Finally she got it in, turned it, unlocked the door and quickly pushed it open. I stepped back up the stairs, Linda following behind me as my mother ran down the front hallway of the house, frantically opening doors, looking inside, a closet here, the kitchen there, where was the bathroom?! The others began to ascend the steps behind me as I entered the house, just as my mother located a restroom at the end of the hall. She shoved the door shut behind her so hard it bounced back open and I witnessed my mother pulling her shorts down to her ankles, exposing her big motherly bottom, before whipping around and planting herself firmly on the toilet seat, as she immediately began pissing fiercely and loudly into the water below.

“Oh my god, please come and close the door, Alex! Come on!” my mother said to me with complete embarrassment, clearly not wanting to be seen peeing in front of all the others, her sister Linda’s display several minutes earlier notwithstanding. I quickly rushed over to the restroom, reached in and grabbed the doorknob as I helplessly got a good long look at my mother’s slightly hairy, beautifully pissing vagina. She self-consciously brought her thighs together to cover herself as I stepped inside the small restroom to pull the door closed. Her face was a mix of desperate relief and embarrassment as she pissed noisily into the water, directly in front of me, her son. I pulled the door shut and turned back just as the others were entering the house.

“Oh my god, I’m so embarrassed, I really couldn’t hold it any longer.” Linda said with a sheepish smile to the others. Maxine and Shirley were admiring the interior of the foyer as I walked down the hall back over to them.

“That would never happen to us guys, right John?” Ronnie said, giving my dad a small, playful “punch” on the arm. “We know how to keep our composure and manage ourselves.” he said, with glee.

“Well, apparently you can’t even manage google maps.” Linda retorted. “How did you guys get so lost getting over here?! I was bursting to pee for over an hour! Ronnie just kept saying, five more minutes, five more minutes. Ridiculous!” Linda said with a more congenial tone now.

“Whatever, never woulda happened to us.” Ronnie repeated once more.

“Alright, now speak for yourself there, dad. I can hold it as long as any of the boys I know, I guarantee it.” Shirley said.

“Oh bullshit.” said Mark. “No girl hand hold their pee like a guy. Why do you think theres always such a line at the ladies rooms. Men and women are built differently, no shame in it, but aint no way a girl can hold it like a guy can. Girls always have to pee.” Mark said with a laugh as he cracked open a beer he’d grabbed from a cooler in the mini van.

“I bet I can out hold you any day of the week!” Shirley said, with playful tone in her voice.

“Pshhht! How bout today?!” Mark said. “No one pees til the other one caves!” he said.

“No problem. Game on.” Shirley replied.

“Wait here then!” Mark said, turning out of the house.

“What? What now, Shirley? You’re seriously gonna have a holding contest? What for, Shirley?” said Sarah in amused disbelief.

“Shirley you cant be serious?!” quipped Maxine in her little Cyndi Wood cowboy outfit.

Mark re-entered the house with an armful of cold beer cans.

“Keep it fair” he said, handing a beer to Shirley. “You gotta drink at the same rate as me.” he said.

“Game on.” Shirley said once again, cracking open her beer, the beer foaming up, nearly spilling over the small metallic lip of the can, nearly, a metaphor for what was to follow for the rest of the night. Shirley brought the can to her pretty lips, and took a long sip.

“Yall want beers too?” Mark asked around, distributing the cans equitably, to happy, receptive hands all around.

My mother meanwhile emerged from the restroom with a smile and another great big sigh of relief. “Ahh, so much better.” she said as she rejoined the other adults, at that point busy admiring the wainscoting around the living room interior just adjacent to the foyer.

We all cheersed our beers together merrily and took a nice long gulp, each of us together.

“So when are we going over to the campsite?” I finally asked...

TO BE CONTINUED...

(P.S. WILL WRITE FOR COMMISSIONS. CONTACT ME...)

*004*2021-11-15 10:19

{{7 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loving this story so far

}}

What do you love about it?

