Alvin's Mall Dilemma

Author: specialflakes

*000*2013-05-18 17:47

You know when you’re browsing through old documents and you find those awful stories you wrote when you were younger that you‘ve forgotten about? Well, I’ve just found this little gem from when I was a crazy, clueless teenager. I guess you could call this my first attempt at omorashi fanfiction. It is actually an Alvin and The Chipmunks omorashi, back when I was still into them (don’t ask). I rewrote the ending to add some actual wetting, but other than that, everything else is untouched, including the author’s notes that I put throughout the story (I was originally going to post this on fanfiction.net, but I was too shy ) So, yeah, enjoy! *hides*

* * *

“We’re here!” Dave said as he pulled the car into the mall’s parking lot. They were going to Future Shop to buy a new TV, and Alvin, as usual, was complaining.

“Ugh, this is soooooooo boring,” he sighed as Dave browsed through the store. “We’re wasting so much time when we could be at home watching TV!”

“How ironic,” Simon remarked. Dave was barely paying attention. He was too busy looking at the displays of wide screen TV’s spread around.

“Come on bros,” Alvin said. “Let’s ditch this place and go somewhere else, like Nintendo!” He was already heading towards the exit.

“Alvin, don’t you think we should consult Dave first?” Simon pointed out.

“Yeah, Alvin,” agreed Theodore. “I mean, what if we get lost? It is a big mall, you know.”

“Um, hello?” Alvin pulled out his iPhone. “I have this. Besides, with my impeccable sense of direction, there’s no way we can get lost!”

“Alvin!” they cried.

“Ugh, fine,” Alvin groaned. “Pain in the tail,” he muttered. “Hey Dave, we’re going to... uh, see if they have some outfits at... uh... American Eagle,” he lied. “We’ll be back soon!”

“What? Uh yeah, whatever,” Dave muttered, still distracted.

“Yes! Let’s go!” Alvin started running, Theodore and Simon hurried to catch up.

“Alvin, wait!” they called. “Slow down!” But Alvin couldn’t hear them. He ran out of the store and waited for his brothers.

“Next time don’t walk so slow,” Simon said sarcastically.

“So what do you want to do?” Alvin asked while they were on the escalator.

“Ooh, let’s go to the food court!” Theodore chirped. “I’m hungry!”

“Later Theodore,” Alvin said. “Let’s go somewhere fun, I’m bored.”

“There’s a great exhibit they just set up,” Simon suggested. “It’s on fossils, and-”

“You know, the food court actually sounds like a good idea!” Alvin said as they got off the escalator. He ran off once again. Simon rolled his eyes and followed his brothers. They arrived at the food court, and Theodore bought a large milkshake and fries, Simon got a cookie, and Alvin got a huge Coke which he refused to share.

“Alvin, are you sure you want to drink all that right now?” Simon said. “Why don’t you save some for later?”

“I’m thirsty!” Alvin replied as he took a last sip. “Ahhhhhh.”

“Alvin! You drank all that already?” Theodore cried with his mouth full of fries. Alvin responded with a loud burp. “That’s disgusting!”

“Next time remind me to sit like 50 feet away from you,” said Simon, fanning the air with his hand.

“Whatever,” Alvin said casually. They waited until Theodore was done, then began walking again. Suddenly, Alvin stopped.

“What’s the matter, Alvin?” they asked.

“Damn, I have to go to the bathroom.”

“Well no wonder,” Simon said, rolling his eyes, “You just drank two whole litres of Coke.”

“I know. Where are the restrooms?”

“Hmm, let’s see what this map says.” They looked at the map of the mall, following the dot that said YOU ARE HERE.

“According to this, they’re right upstairs,” Simon realized.

“Well what are you waiting for? I have to pee, let’s go!!!”

They took the elevator and Alvin was relieved when they finally found the washrooms. “Yes!” he cried triumphantly. He ran over to the men’s room when he stopped in shock. A sign was hung saying the bathroom was out of order. “NO!!!” he literally got down onto his knees and screamed. “WHY??!!” Theodore hid his face in his hands in shame. Simon just sighed while shaking his head and said, “Alvin, stop being so dramatic.”

“This can’t be happening!!” Alvin cried, in false agony. “The pain!! The pain!!”

“Come on Theodore,” Simon gestured. “Let’s let him figure this out for himself.” They started walking away.

Alvin was desperate. What to do, what to do. Unless... he stared at the ladies room. The only answer. No, he thought. That’s against the rules. Even I wouldn’t dare. He noticed that Simon and Theodore were no longer with him. “Guys?” he said. “Where are you?” he saw them walking away. “HEY, WAIT UP!!!” he tried to catch them. Finally, he made it.

“So,” Simon smirked. “Have you solved your little problem, Alvin?”

“Wow, thanks for reminding me, Si. Now I have to go even worse!” Simon chuckled.

“Just hold it in, Alvin,” Theodore said quietly.

“Like I’ve got a choice.” They continued walking; Alvin began to feel more uncomfortable, it got to the point where he could barely even talk. “C-c-c-can w-w-we s-sit d-down? I d-don’t think w-w-walking is h-h-helping!”

“Sure Alvin,” they said and walked over to a nearby bench. Alvin felt a little better, but he was still jumpy.

“Hey look, it’s the chipmunks!” they heard familiar voices and turned around to see the chipettes running towards them. Oh god, he thought. Bad timing!

“Hi, Alvin!” Brittany chimed as her sisters greeted their counterparts.

“Um, h-h-hi, B-b-brittany,” Alvin stammered. He crossed his legs.

“Alvin! What’s wrong with you?” Brittany cried in shock. He wasn’t usually this nervous. Eveyrone turned towards Alvin.

“N-n-nothing’s w-wrong!” Alvin cried as he bounced up and down.

“Then why are you so jittery?”

“M-m-me? I-I-I’m n-not j-j-jittery!”

“Um guys, is he okay?” Jeanette asked.

“Alvin has to pee,” Theodore giggled.

“Wow, thanks Theodore,” Alvin muttered.

“Oh,” Brittany said. “That’s it? Have you tried the washrooms, Alvin?”

“Oh, why didn’t I think of that?” Alvin said sarcastically. “The washrooms are closed!”

“Aww man, I hate when that happens,” said Eleanor sympathetically.

“No, this is too good to be true,” Brittany laughed. “I can’t believe it!”

“It’s not funny, Brittany!” Alvin frowned. Brittany decided to take advantage of the situation and teased him.

“Boy, you must REALLY be desperate, huh, Alvin?”

“Brittany, I’m warning you,” Alvin threatened, while Eleanor and Jeanette tried not to laugh.

“I bet you’d just LOVE to pee right now, wouldn’t you?”

“Brittany...”

“Did I ever tell you about that time we went to Niagara Falls?”

“Brittany, shut up or I’ll pee all over you!!” Everyone burst out laughing.

“Aw, does Alvie have to go pee pee?” Brittany teased. They laughed again. Alvin blushed.

“Well, me and Jeanette are going to the bookstore,” Simon announced.

“We’ll come too, guys,” Eleanor said.

“Yeah, me and Eleanor want to find a cookbook,” Theodore said excitedly.

“How about we meet here in half an hour?” Brittany suggested.

“Okay!” the four chipmunks said as they walked towards the elevator.

“WAIT!” Alvin cried. “Don’t leave me alone with... her.” But it was too late.

“Listen, Brit,” he said impatiently. “I WASN’T kidding when I said I’d pee all over you.”

“Relax, Alvin,” Brittany said, flipping her wavy auburn hair. “I won’t torture you... on one condition.”

“What,” he sighed. Brittany leaned over and whispered something into his ear. “WHAT?” he shouted. “No way, you’re crazy!” Brittany made peeing noises. “Oh, fine. But you owe me, okay?”

“Sure, whatever you say, Alvin.” She grinned.

TO BE CONTINUED...

Nah, just kidding :)

Later... Brittany had forced Alvin to accompany her to her favourite store, and wait while she tried on numerous outfits.

“How about this one?” Brittany asked as she came out of the dressing room for the hundredth time.

“It’s nice, now can we go?” Alvin said impatiently, squirming.

“Wait, I’m not done!” She stepped back into the dressing room. Alvin sighed. Looks like he was going to be here for a while...

10 minutes later...

“What do you think?” Brittany said, stepping out wearing a purple blouse and a pink miniskirt with golden sandals.

“F-fine,” Alvin stuttered, crossing his legs tightly. God, he thought. How many clothes can she try on?

After what seemed like forever, finally Brittany ran out of outfits.

“Finally!” Alvin cried. “So can you buy the stupid dresses so we can get out of here?”

“Nah, these aren’t really my style. They’re too tacky.” Alvin almost exploded with anger.

“YOU WHAT??!!! YOU TRIED ON A HUNDRED OUTFITS AND YOU AREN’T EVEN GOING TO BUY ONE??!!!!”

“Jeez, Alvin. It’s not like you’ve never wasted my time.”

“That’s it! I’m out of here!” he turned to walk out the store.

“Wait a minute! We’re not done. Remember your part of the deal?” She smirked at him.

“What?” he cried. “No way, remember, you said that was a joke!”

“Alvin, you promised.”

“Brittany!” Brittany started making peeing noises. “All right, fine, I’ll do it. I am never, ever, ever going to forgive you for this, Brittany. Ever.” Brittany laughed. Alvin closed his eyes and sighed. He couldn’t believe he was really going to do this...

He stepped out of the dressing room, mortified. He couldn’t believe he was wearing a DRESS!!! How did Brittany talk him into this? Brittany laughed so hard she fell to the ground, but she didn’t care. Alvin covered his beet red face with his hands.

“I hate you, Brittany.”

“Oh my god, Alvin, you are so convincible,” Brittany giggled, wiping a tear from her eye. “I have to show this to Eleanor and Jeanette.” She pulled out her phone and snapped a picture.

“If you post that on the internet, I swear you'll be a dead chipmunk.”

“Oh don’t worry, Alvin, I’m not that mean.” Lie, she thought, and grinned. Alvin stomped back into the dressing room. I can’t believe I actually did that. I’m such an idiot. Alvin finished changing, and the two chipmunks left the store, Alvin humiliated.

Later, they were sitting on the bench. Alvin was squirming from needing to go so badly and Brittany thought it was hilarious to watch him try to stay calm but he couldn’t.

“You know, Alvin, I don’t think I’ve ever seen you this anxious.”

“That’s because I’ve never been this anxious!” He bounced up and down in anticipation. “Where’s Simon and the rest? They were supposed to be here by now!!”

Right on cue, the four chipmunks showed up holding Chapters bags in their hands, and walked towards Brittany and Alvin.

“Hi guys!” they said. Brittany and Alvin waved. They sat down.

“So, what did you two do?” asked Eleanor. Alvin covered his face in shame.

“He doesn’t want to talk about it,” Brittany explained. Everyone could tell right away how bad Alvin had to go; this was the worst day of his life.

“You know, Alvin, I warned you not to drink all that Coke,” Simon said in as-a-matter-of-fact tone.

“Simon, can you please say I told you so later?” Alvin said with his legs crossed. “Now’s not exactly the best time to talk about Coke.”

“Yeah, guys, leave him alone,” Brittany said. “He hasn’t had a very PEE-ceful day!” Everyone laughed.

“Oh, ha ha ha ha ha,” Alvin laughed sarcastically. “That’s real funny.” Suddenly he felt his phone vibrate. He saw a text from Dave that said: Hey Alvin, I'm all set to go. Come meet me outside Future Shop. “Oh, suckers!” he laughed. “I get to go home now!” The chipmunks said goodbye to the chipettes.

“Finally,” Alvin thought. “Now I'll go home and put myself out of this misery.” They ran back to Future Shop where Dave was waiting. He decided to purchase the TV some other day.

"Okay boys, let's go," he said cheerfully. They walked outside to the parking lot. "Hmm... now where did I park that car?"

Uh oh, looks like Alvin's in trouble! Oh well, I like to stretch this story. Keep reading!

"What do you mean you don't know where it is?" Alvin gasped, his legs shaking.

"Now, hold on, I'll remember," Dave said unsurely. He started thinking. Alvin buried his hands deep into his knees. Please, god, kill me now.

“Oh, wait, now I remember!” Dave cried, snapping his finger. He led the boys to the other side of the mall. Never had Alvin been so glad to see his car. He almost felt like hugging it but then realized his brothers would never let him live it down.

“Alvin, put your seatbelt on,” Dave said once they were inside. Alvin was hesitant. The pressure of the seatbelt wouldn’t really help his...problem.

“But Dave...”

“No buts, Alvin. Safety first.” Alvin groaned and did as he was told. Now he had to go even worse.

“Don’t worry Alvin,” Theodore reassured him. “We’re only twenty minutes from home. It won’t take long.” But he was wrong...

Ahhh don’t you just love cliff-hangers? If you keep reading I’ll give you a hug! Pretty please?? Ok, I’ll shut up now.

About five minutes later, Alvin noticed the car had stopped. He looked out the window. No! he thought. Not traffic! This can’t be happening!!! Almost like he could read his brother’s mind, Simon said, “Relax, Alvin. It’s only a minor jam. It’ll clear up soon.”

Thirty-one minutes later... they were still stuck in traffic and by that point Alvin was about to explode. He couldn’t take it anymore. He clicked off his seatbelt so he wouldn’t wet himself.

“Alvin, what did I say about the seatbelt?” Dave said.

“But Dave, what’s the point? We’re not even moving.”

“He’s right Dave,” Theodore agreed.

“Alvin...”

“Oh, all right.”

He hesitantly put his seatbelt back on. Now he was sure he wasn’t going to make it. But suddenly, the cars magically started to move. Alvin gasped. Could it be? He was so relieved he almost forgot how much he needed to pee until he saw a water fountain out the window. Then, almost as if the sky wanted to torture Alvin some more, it began to rain.

Oh, you have got to be kidding me. He started to shake, but tried to dissimulate it. He wanted to ask Dave if they could pull over so he could go in a tree or something, but he convinced himself that they were almost home, so it didn’t really matter. Finally, after what seemed like forever, he saw their house. Hallelujah! The car pulled into the driveway and they stepped out, but poor Alvin could barely walk. He stumbled out of the car and slowly made his way to the door where his brothers and Dave were standing.

“Now where did I put those keys,” Dave muttered as he searched his pockets. “Uh oh...”

“No!” Alvin cried a little too loud. “Why???!!”

“Alvin, relax,” Simon said. “He found them.”

“NO!!!-wait, he did?” He saw suddenly that he was the only one standing outside. Everyone else had already gone inside. He ran in, and then made a dash for the bathroom. He was so glad when he saw it was empty.

“Hello, Mr. Toilet!” he said. He ran over, so glad he could finally relieve himself. Suddenly, he stopped. “Wait a minute. Oh my god, my zipper’s stuck! NOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!”

He couldn’t believe it; his zipper was caught in his jeans right in front of the toilet. He began to sweat as soon as the first few drops of pee leaked into his boxers, and he tugged furiously at the zipper, but this tugging only agitated his bladder more. Now his underwear was flooding with warm urine, which flowed down his pants legs and onto the floor. The exhausted chipmunk finally went limp, and collapsed onto his knees, laying his head on the toilet seat and sighing with relief. Pee continued to permeate his glistening dark jeans and formed a pond around his legs that soaked into his shoes.

Finally the waterfall had run dry, and Alvin now opened his eyes and blushed brightly as he realized what he had done. Crap, he thought. How am I going to get out of this one?!

