Rosalie and her Enemy

Author: RosaE836

*000*2015-12-29 09:57

Rosalie and her Enemy (Ch. ½)

Rosalie, while she may have been reluctant to admit such a fact, had many friends, and was one of the kindest girls in school. While some boys may have been just a tad nicer (along with a tad bit more sensitive) Rosalie found herself with plenty of friends, although only a spare few close ones, sadly. She was often spending her time gaming and fantasizing about many an event that may happen in the future, yet she these thoughts were oft’ interrupted by the war of which side of her family was better. While being too old to be forced into one household or another, Rosalie found herself trapped, unable to picks sides for fear of being cast to the wayside by even her sister, who had sided with her mother since this war had started. Bretta, Rosalie’s oldest sibling and only sister, thought her mother was in the right. Brad, Rosalie’s twin brother (who happened to be a few minutes younger), was more towards their father, although he was rather indifferent about the entire thing.

Rosalie, sadly, was trapped in the middle. She was decently smart, and on some subjects outclassed her brother, but her less than stellar grades and politeness made her a target for both of her parents. Trying to be as polite as possible, Rosalie took it upon herself to listen to everything someone had to say and only risk arguing if she knew it wouldn’t prolong the conflict. It was something she had done all her life, and while it was courteous, it lead to her being spotted as someone who would listen to all of someone’s troubles. Her parents, instead of going to Rosalie’s brother or sister, would head to her with their troubles, upsetting her and leaving her depressed for the rest of the day, if not longer. It didn’t help that, the more depressed she got, the more her grades slipped, and the more her parents blamed her for their divorce.

As un-luck would have it, it Rosalie’s troubles only worsened. One of her close friends, having left to another school due to zoning, lost contact with her. The next time she heard from him was from another friend, and the text her “friend” displayed was… less than favorable, only making the world fall further away from her. The “friend” even started to distance herself from Rosalie, keeping a façade of friends while glaring daggers behind Rosalie’s back, and a few times at her face as well. Feeling like her life was in shambles, she spent many a sick day barricaded in her room, trying to calm down while trying to keep her parents out. The fact her true friends actually worried about her was lost on her, but nary could a thing brighten her mood those months.

Somehow, with all these built up emotions still sealed up, it got worse. One day, during a club meeting (who her “friend” Allie was also part of), something went horribly wrong. She was just chatting with her friends when Paul’s eyes went wide. “Ew, Rosalie, what are you doing?!”

“H-huh?” Uttered Rosalie, confused for only a few seconds. The warmth was the first thing she noticed, then the wet, damp feeling, and soon the embarrassing splashing noise. Looking down, Rosalie was horrified to witness not a spilled cup, not some freak hallucination on her part, but a yellow waterfall cascading from the edge of her seat to the floor, a rippling, expanding puddle forming at the foot of it. She stood up and pushed her hands between her legs, but it was no use, her accident barely halted, resurging once more after drenching the front of Rosalie’s once cute short-skirt.

“What’s hap- Oh, gross, couldn’t you tell you needed to go before that happened?” Patricia, a close friend to Rosalie and Allie alike, seemed to be the next to speak up. Her face said it all, “How can a girl your age be wetting herself. Heck, how can a girl your age not even notice when you have to pee that badly?”

“I-I… I-I didn’t n-not-tice-ce…” Rosalie started to stutter, even repeating the end of her last word as it worsened dramatically. Hot tears welled up at her eyes, a few already traveling beside the bridge of her nose and around her lips. “This wasn’t supposed to happen. I haven’t had an accident since I was in third grade, and even then that wasn’t too bad…” She tried her best to ignore the thoughts of her bedwetting problems from years past, but she couldn’t, as the shame was too much, and she broke down, crying. She fell to her knees, hearing the heart-wrenching splash of her landing in the puddle, and her only dry hand tried to win a losing battle in keeping her face tear-free.

That’s when she noticed it. It was hard to see with the rippling view of her eyesight, but it was there. Allie was smiling, almost chuckling to herself. Rosalie could hardly believe it, but the façade had slipped when it truly should have remained on, and as her hands fumbled to put her books away, Allie left the classroom in the commotion, her hand looking lewdly close to her womanhood as Allie ran in the direction of the nearest bathroom. While many things could have been interpreted, Rosalie took the more cynical approach, and her red hot cheeks almost looked like they grew brighter as her mind thought of what Allie may have salvaged from such a humiliating scene.

After her friends finally switched over to sympathy-mode, Rosalie decided to leave early, unwilling to stick around and too disheartened to be walked out with a friend. She just wanted to lock herself in her room, have a “sick day” tomorrow, then spend the whole weekend praying her friends would forgive and forget. Her depressed shuffle and downcast eyes helped her notice something, as a soft *clunk* was heard and the sound of something skidding from the rebound made her eyes dart for the object.

A pink book, bound in synthetic leather and the smell of strawberries wrapped around the pages, making the whole thing look like a personal diary of some girl. Allie’s favorite color being pink, and her path having been where Rosalie stood only cemented the fact that this must be Allie’s. Rosalie, being as curious as the pets her sister took away from her, flipped through the book, not seeing more than a single page with text on it. Apparently, the first few pages had been torn out, but the text on the non-torn page was all too clear. The text read:

~~~~~~

Rosalie à Victim

Me (Allie) à Witness 1 (EXTRA: sees entirety of situation)

Paul à Witness 2

Patricia à Witness 3

Victim, without noticing at all, begins to wet herself. Witness 2 points it out (disgusted by scene), by which time Victim notices, stand up and attempts to stop it, but only makes it worse. Witness 3 points it out as well, also disgusted. Victim falls to the ground as she begins to cry, hear tears blurring her vision considerably.

~~~~~~

Rosalie couldn’t believe what she was reading. Her own scenario was written down in this book, almost like the script to some sort of humiliating play. Even her shimmering vision was written down, a detail that seemed more like a command than a request. It had happened all like the book had stated, and yet, this only left her in more wonder than ever before. She had watched plenty of anime, and with a book like this having the possibility to make someone wet themselves, it seemed… unreal.

It seemed…

Well-deserved.

*003*2015-12-30 21:49

{{: 

Is this a wet note esque story? I'm sold.

}}

Heh, glad you like it! Hopefully the next part will be out at the end of the week, but it should be out soon.

*005*2015-12-31 04:42

{{: 

I don't think I've seen any content from you that I haven't liked.

}}

You're too kind T-T

I'm working on the next chapter now. While I do plan on ending it with the next chapter, if this gets anyone to want to write a follow up chapter, I don't mind. Honestly, I really just want more "wet note" stories, and if people are more willing to piggy back off an existing story than create their very own, I hope this is something that drives them to write something. I'll definitely support anyone that adds a chapter.

*007*2016-01-01 01:24

{{: 

Perhaps you mean desserved.

*me leaves a dessy on Justice's lap and runs

}}

[Hits blooper with a stick.] Get out of here auto-correct! yer nut wunted!

