Twilight: stories of desperation, wetting, and bedwetting

Author: Kylie

*000*2013-05-27 21:59

Jacob black and the rest of the La Push wolf pack sat around the fire and discussed the recent encounters with Victoria. One of the wolfs were highly distressed though, but it wasn't about the topic of the meeting.

Jacob checked his watch for like the hundredth time in the past five minutes, it seemed like time was just creeping along with no care of his predicament. He presses his thighs together and blew out a breath. He couldn't believe himself he was 17, he shouldn't be worrying about whether he was going to make it to the bathroom or not. Jacob observed that he was sitting next to Seth, which was good and bad, good because he would be the most caring of all the pack members if he did have an accident.

"But I'm not going to, that would be humiliating," Jacob convinced himself.

~20 minutes later~

Jacob was sitting his legs pressed firmly together, his hips moving slightly, and one hand on his bladder. He winced as it was swollen and throbbing under his hand. He didn't know how much more he could take of this. Every second he was fighting against not only his bladder but the urge to grab himself. A couple minutes later he was faced with two options: hold himself or wet himself. He really didn't want to risk anyone seeing it but they would notice if he peed himself. He gripped his crotch tightly with one hand. He was thankful for the dark and the discussion going on between Jared, Paul, and Sam, as it took the attention off of him.

He jumped and spurted when Seth nudged him. Jacob held on tighter to keep the rest from following.

"Jacob are you gonna make it " Seth whispered

"What are you talking about," Jacob replied weakly.

"Ive been watching you I know you have to pee," Seth said softly, Jacob just whimpered quietly at that.

"Come on I'll tell sam I have to go then you can come with me," Seth offered.

"You don't have to do that," Jacob said

"He doesn't have to do what?" Sam asked hearing that.

"Uh... I.. He .. Um," Jacob stuttered, the sudden interrupting had made his bladder jolt and he leaked. He squeezed down tighter, knowing yet couldn't see. He felt it keep coming down his shaft, his eyes rimmed with tears and he uselessly tried to stop it. His bladder gave one more protesting throb before it released and a stream soaked his boxers and pants, running down his legs.

(If you like this and won't to know what happens next comment below and tell me what I think. Tips and ideas to make it better are welcomed)

*007*2013-06-08 08:14

Okay so you guys seem to like this so I will post another part tomorrow. Today I wanted to ask anyone you is interested in an rp idea of mine with some of these characters to message me.

Okay so here is the idea:

Jacob has becomes rude disrespectful teenager to his dad, Sam, and his teachers. He doesn't care about school anymore his grades are dropping. Billy starts with grounding him then he eventually spanks him. It doesnt phase him though (no pun intended). So he sends him to stay with carlisle to straighten him out. I would like to play Jacob. Pm me if interested.

*008*2013-07-22 07:02

So so sorry about this. I got caught up and forgot next pst will be coming up sometime this week promise .

*012*2013-08-10 03:02

Oh my gosh! I completely forgot abouth this we ll the hectic back to school preparations. It's late now and I am unable to write anything decent at the moment. So hopefully update tomorrow.

Lydenyla0699- if you were interested in the rp you can pm me. :)

*013*2013-08-10 17:16

Jacob stood their with wide eyes not sure what to do. He felt sick he had just wet himself in front of everyone. He bolte running towards the woods. Seth was right behind him.

"Its okay jake we won't say anything to you," he tried to console him.

"No it's not my dad is going to be so mad at me," he sniffled.

Billy had followed his son, wanting to make sure he was okay.

"I'm not mad bud come here, he said opening his arms. Jacob looked over sadly but couldn't stop the childish urge to curl up in his dads arms.

"How about we go home and you can get cleaned up and take a nap," he soothed. Jacob nodded sadly. Blly led him home and started running a bath.

"Daddy I can do it myself," he mumered in embarrassment. Billy smiled and kissed his hair before leaving. Jacob quickly cleaned up, he was so mad at himself for doing this he knew that Paul wouldn't let him let this go. After his bath he dressed in some sweats and curled up on his bed, but didn't want to sleep he had been having problems lately. Billy came in and tucked him in. Jake frowned and rubbed his eyes to keep from sleeping, he lost the battle a few minutes later and drifted off into a deep sleep. Billy smiled and shut the lights off, closing the door behind him. Jacob slept for a while before he began squirming around…

(Okay so this is the first part of this post the other has to be edited and will be up tonight :)

*015*2013-08-26 04:06

(Oh my gosh I'm so so so sorry I feel like a complete liar here. I write this on my laptop that had crashed and I was on my phone which I don't like writing longer post so I have no idea when the next part will be up hopefully in the next couple of weeks. Please forgive me :*(

*019*2014-09-18 21:21

I honestly don't even know what happened to this I was busy with school and just forgot it. I'm hoping to continue this post up tonight or tomorrow.

*020*2014-09-21 04:06

After a whole year of waiting here it is.

Jacob was completely unaware to his bodies desperate please for him to relieve it. He slept on twisting his legs together beneath the covers. A light sheen of sweat could be seen on his russet skin. Jacob continued his peaceful nap until he heard heavy footsteps and the front door open and close, he roused and sat up in his slightly wet covers. He immedeatly realized how full his bladder was he stifiled a whimper and laid a hand over his swollen throbbing lower stomach.

Despite his need and knowing that he could handle any intruder his heart began to pound in fear. The footsteps grew closer 'they're coming to my room' he thought panicly. He heard a familiar high pitched voice saying "I don't think we should do this It's not right," Jacob thought the best way to handle this was to fake sleep. He pushed his need to the back of his mind and laid back down. The door swung open and he recognized the scents of two of his pack-mates. The sweet crisp smell coming from Seth and the woodsy scent belonging to Paul.

"See he's sleeping we should just leave," Seth said in a worried voice. "No, you help me or I'll tell the whole pack about you and you know who," Paul said meanly. "Fine, but you won't show it to anybody right?" Seth asked in a pointed tone. "Sure whatever now get out he camera," Seth sighed he didn't want to do this but he would die if anybody found out his secret. Paul tiptoed over to a tense "sleeping" Jacob and pulled out a sippy cup and laid it on his pillow next to his mouth and stuck a paci into the shapeshifters mouth. Jacob started to freak out because he had no idea what was going on or what they were doing to him.

Before he could react he saw a flash of light from beneath his eyelids and just like that whatever was in his mouth was yanked out and the door slammed shut, he sat back up in shock and confusion. He didn't know what had happened and soon forgot about it when his bladder made itself known again. Jacob lurched out of bed and grasped his crotch. He hobbled to the bathroom and fumbled with his pants hurriedly, he peed like a gusher with a sigh of relief. Jacob looked back at his dry bed and smiled proudly like a potty training toddler who had made it to the toilet in time. He smiled lazily and climbed back into his warm bed, too content to think about the the weird envemts that had just occurred.

Paul was smiling deviously at his picture Jacob looked so innocent, like an overgrown baby. He knew Jacob would be humiliated if anybody saw this little snapshot, Paul decided that's exactly what needed to happen he gleefully made copies on his computer and shoved them into his bookbag. He checked his watch and smiled upon seeing it was barely shy of six, their high school held night classes for adults until seven, he slung his bag over his shoulder and made the short trip to the large school building. Paul walked through the doors thankfully of the trusting atmosphere of the reservation, the office employees barely spared him a glance. Over the next 30 minutes he went to every men's bathroom on campus and the gym locker room taping the pictures up. He sniggered and walked out into the crisp evening air. Paul couldn't wait until tomorrow Jacob's reaction would be priceless. He might just need a picture of that too.

What do you think? Also a little contest: be the first to guess Seth's secret before my next update and you get to pick the prompt of the next post. :)

