Daniel and Amy - Page 19

Author: Barry

*451*2016-09-05 12:09

Chapter 29:

It took Dan a couple of minutes to get himself back under control again. He was very glad that he'd had the foresight to masturbate earlier, as he knew that he probably would have had an embarrassing mishap when Amy had been touching, then holding him. He went into the bathroom, where he splashed cold water on his face with trembling hands. The cold shock of water made him realise that his need to pee, bought on by a cup of tea, two glasses of water, and a can of Coke, was starting to make itself known. Feeling vulnerable without a nappy on, he gave his crotch a light squeeze, mainly to ensure that his excitement had finally died down enough, and shivered as he felt his jeans sliding over the cool satin that now covered his boyhood. He hated to admit it, but it felt kind of nice......

Arriving back to the girls, he found Amy had filled a pitcher with iced tea and ice cubes, and had produced three chilled glasses, and his friends were sitting at the dining room table. A quick glance at Nikki confirmed his first impression, she was wearing a dress, the same one that she'd worn to Adventure World. Her excitement was almost palpable, and she wriggled and bounced around on her chair happily.

"Nice jeans Dan! I've done the same thing you did. Bought mine from home so my mum doesn't know I'm wearing them. I'm gonna put 'em on later. Are you wearing a diaper?"

Dan felt himself blushing at her directness. "Ah, no, not exactly. I'm, um, wearing underpants at the moment." Amy was sitting behind Nikkis field of vision, and Dan saw her almost choke on her drink when she heard his reply. At least she hadn't shared his secret with Nikki, he thought gratefully, as he sat on a chair beside Nikki, and felt his silky backside sliding across the inside of his jeans.

"Soooo, what're we gonna do today?" Nikki asked impatiently.

"We're going to drink heaps," Amy replied, "then just see what happens."

"I've been doing that already," said Nikki, "I was up nice and early this morning, and I've drank nearly a litre of water cordial! I tried to like hold on and not go to the toilet at all after I got up, but I ended up wetting myself a bit, well, more than just a bit really, and I had to run and go."

This of course was of great interest to Dan, and he had to ask, "You wet yourself? What were you wearing?"

"My pyjamas. It's getting colder at nighttime now, so I dug my flannel pyjamas out, cause they're warmer than a nightie, and I had my pee panties on as well. My PJ's are like a light purple colour, and I made a really big wet spot on the front of them.

"What happened Nik?" Amy asked eagerly.

"Well my mum asked me to hang some washing out, and I was standing at the line, absolutely busting, and I'd just made up my mind that I'd have to go, like it or not, when I lost control. I stuffed my hand into my lap, and I could feel I was wet, and I had a bit running down my leg as well, so I just bolted inside as fast as I could, straight past mum, and ran to the loo, peeing in my pants the whole way!"

"Wow," said Amy, "Didya get into trouble?"

Nikki sighed. "Not realllly. She was a bit pissed at me, but I just told her the truth. Kind of. That I was trying to hold on till I'd finished my chore, but had an accident. I just didn't tell her that I hadn't been to the loo all morning, that's all! At least Troy was still in bed, so he didn't see me. I was a bit annoyed though, cause the knickers I was wearing were the ones I'd been peeing in all week, and I was gonna wear them here today, that's why I had them on, but mum made me have a shower, and she took all my wet stuff from my bedroom and washed it, so I had to put clean knickers on." She smiled wickedly at her friends, "But they won't stay clean for long though! I'm busting again already, and I bought a couple of spare pairs, so I'll be able to start dirtying them up again, but she won't know!"

"Do you want to wear a diaper again?" Amy asked.

"Sure do! More than anything, but later on though. I've kinda got a plan of something else I'd like to do first. Do you guys want to hear it?"

Amy and Dan were nodding enthusiastically, fully caught up not only in Nikkis story, but in her enthusiasm as well.

"Okay. You guys remember last week? How I wanted to pretend to be a little kid, like you both do, but I couldn't seem to like get into it? Well I thought about it all week, and I think I know how to! I thought we might go to the park, and I'll wet my pants, just like I used to do when I WAS little, then you guys can like be in charge of me, and make me wear a nappy, cause I've been naughty! Whaddya think?"

Her friends looked at each other, back at her, and started laughing. At first Nikki was embarrassed, and thought that she'd just made a fool of herself, but when they started talking over the top of each other at once, she saw how much they liked the idea.

"That's great Nik!"

"Love it!"

"Of course we can!"

Amy had a slightly different idea though, which she put forward. "Only problem is Nik, that I want to be little too! I've been bossing Danny around more lately, and I think it's his turn to be in charge of both of us. That is if you want to be in charge of two naughty little girls Dan?"

"Of course I want to," he replied hastily, but what're you gonna do Ames? Take your nappy off and use your pants as well?"

"No, I can't be bothered changing again now. I'm wearing a big pull up now, and it's already kinda wet. I might just stay as I am, and let you tell me to use it or something. Whaddya think?"

"I think it's fucking awesome to tell you the truth," he replied with a chuckle, and the girls joined in, and soon they were all laughing uproariously together.

It was only when Nikki clenched her legs together, moaning "Nononono. Stopstopstop! Oh, I'm gonna piss myself!" That they started to calm down, not wanting to spoil what sounded like an excellent plan. The talk turned to how much they had already drank each today, and like Dan, Amy had been taking in as much fluid as she could. Two cups of tea, an ice tea, and two glasses of water.

"That's why my pull ups wet already," she explained, "I had an accident even before Nikki got here. Started leaking and couldn't stop!"

They compared their levels of desperation, and all of them needed to go, with Nikki appearing to be the most desperate, but Dan was quickly catching up. He was worried about going to the park without a nappy on, but after some encouragement from the girls, he decided to give it a go.

Dan cleared his throat, and put on a deeper, more grown up voice, taking charge of the situation. "Alright girls, do you want to go and play in the park? If so, let's hurry up before it rains, okay?" Both girls squealed in childish excitement, trying to slip into their roles of being little kids.

"Oh yes please!"

"Can we please? Can we?"

"I said I'd take you, and I will. But do you need to go to the potty first? There's no potty at the park, so you'll need to hold on. Little Nikki, what about you? You're not wearing a didee, remember? You told me that you're a big girl, so I'm letting you wear your big girl panties, can I trust you?"

Looking suitably shy, Nikki lowered her eyes, and sounded contrite. "Yes Danny. I'll be good. I don't wanna wear a didee, I wanna wear panties!"

"Do you need the potty first?" Dan asked sternly, causing Nikki to shake her head vigorously in denial.

"Little Amy, what about you? You've got a didee on, do you need it changed, or do you want to wear big girl pants like Little Nikki here?"

"My didees okay Danny. I wanna leave it on!"

They quaffed their drinks down, and left, walking out into the gloomy, overcast day. The wind was blowing from the not too distant ocean, bringing with it the slightest tang of salt and seaweed, while the heavy clouds scuttled and built overhead, bringing with them the promise of rain later. It was the coldest day in months, and the first real sign that Autumn was truly entrenched, and Winter was sharpening its bitter knives. Perth residents like the heat, and even though it wasn't even raining yet, the streets were a lot more subdued than usual. Of course the ever present traffic could be heard, that never stopped, regardless of the weather, but nobody was mowing lawns, or sitting around on their porches listening to the radio, and no kids were playing outside, at least on Amys street. But the three young teenagers were almost oblivious to this, and made up for the apparent lack of noise by chattering and giggling gaily as they made the short walk to the park.

Nikki shivered a bit. She had put a pink denim jacket on over her dress, which was an odd combination, but she explained that it was meant to be worn with her jeans later, and it was the only extra top that she'd brought. Slipping out of little mode for a moment, she exclaimed, "Oh man it's fresh today, isn't it? This is really making me want to pee! I'm gonna have a real accident soon, I won't have to pretend at all!"

Dan was starting to think along the same lines. He wasn't in The Danger Zone yet, where a real loss of control was probable, but, like Nikki, the cold wind was accelerating his burgeoning need by the minute. He found himself absentmindedly squeezing at his crotch, and it was only when he felt the unfamiliar sensation of satin sliding around under his pants, that he even realised that he was doing it.

Amy was probably in the best position for a change. She hadn't told her friends the complete truth about her earlier accident, and it had been a lot bigger than she had let on. She had been wearing the same big pull up that she was still wearing now, and when the leaking started, she had frozen on the spot, trickling uncontrollably, and was waiting for her bladder to empty itself enough to get it back to a manageable level, when she had suddenly sneezed, turning her trickle into a strong spurt, which had opened the floodgates completely, causing her to lose all control. Standing in the kitchen, she just simply couldn't stop peeing at all, and had ended up completely emptying her bladder into her nappy.

Once she'd finished, she was about to change into a fresh one, but at that exact moment Nikki had arrived, so she greeted her, and they had started talking. Dan had arrived not ten minutes later, and she had taken him to the bedroom and teased him, still intending to change, but in the end, she hadn't. Amy liked the feeling of a warm, full diaper, and for no other reason than that, had left it on. She didn't want to admit to the others that she'd already fully wet herself, because she knew that they were getting desperate, and even though she couldn't help it, it seemed strangely unfair somehow that she wasn't in the same situation as they were.

By leaving her wet nappy on, it somehow levelled the playing field a bit, because she knew that even though she was no longer desperate, even a minor accident would probably result in a leaking diaper, and her pants would end up wet as well. These thoughts were pushed out of the way as they crossed the road, and entered the park, heading towards the playground.

The kids climbed into the fort, out of the wind, and sat down. Nikki produced her cigarettes from her jacket, and they lit up, inhaling deeply. The girls sat side by side, with Dan opposite them, and Amy noticed how her friends kept wriggling around.

"You guys really need to go, huh?"

They agreed that they did, and Dan pointed out that he was getting worried about not having a nappy on, and said he'd like to finish their smokes, play their games, and go back, before he had a big, unprotected public accident.

"But first though, I need to know that you girls are going to behave yourselves! Are your underpants still dry Little Nikki?"

Nikki absolutely floored him with her response. Not in a million years, would Dan have guessed what the girl would do next. "They sure are!" Nikki giggled in an excited, childish squeal, "Look!"

She lifted her dress up high, all the way to her belly button, and proudly revealed her dry panties. She was wearing little girl style knickers, faded yellow, with green trim, and a picture of Elsa from Frozen emblazoned on the front. She stuck her legs out in a Y shape, giving Danny, sitting in front of her, a totally unobstructed view of her underwear, then swivelled towards Amy, showing her as well.

"Im a big girl," she exclaimed proudly.

Dan swallowed hard at the sight of Nikkis underwear, as seeing a girls panties on open display was definitely something that he wasn't used to. In an effort to gain some control of the situation he chastised her. "Nikki, big girls don't flash their panties around like that, okay? Pull your dress down and behave yourself! Now it looks like it's going to rain soon, so if you girls want to play, you better be quick."

He slid down the slide, and took up position on the bench beside the playground, with the girls following him. Nikki kicked of her black flats, saying she hated getting sand in her shoes, with Amy agreeing, sliding her Converse off, but leaving her white lacy socks on because she knew how much her boyfriend liked them.

At first it was a bit awkward. The girls wanted to play like small children, but it just didn't come naturally to be play acting around others, but after a few minutes, they started getting the hang of it. There was a swing set beside the fort, and the girls pestered Danny to push them on it. He stood behind them, and got them going individually, and soon found his rhythm, alternating between Amy and Nikki as they swung back, laughing and cheering, egging him on to make them go higher and faster.

After that, they climbed up the side of the fort, and used the monkey bars to swing across to the main part, and took turns sliding down a firemans pole. As they played, Nikki felt her bladder swelling up more and more. She was getting uncomfortable, and knew her body well enough to know that a loss of control was almost imminent. She was almost as desperate as she had been when she had wet her pyjamas earlier that morning. It was uncomfortable by now, and holding on required a conscious effort, and she was resorting to stopping occasionally and holding herself with her hand, or crossing her legs, as she felt wave after wave of urgency wash over her.

While she liked having real accidents, and totally enjoyed wetting on purpose, it felt weird letting herself get to this stage around other kids. If she had of been at school, she would of happily walked around the oval to pee through her knickers on the grass well before she arrived at this stage. At home, she would've comfortably sat on the toilet and peed her panties long ago, but letting herself get this far in a public scenario, with other people who were specifically waiting for her to have an accident was something different altogether, and she was surprised to find that although it was definitely awkward, she kind of liked it.

She slid down the slide, and stopped at the bottom, clenching her knees together tightly. She had felt her holding muscles loosen on the way down, and pee had almost escaped. It felt like it was right at the tip of her pee hole now, and she knew that a real accident was now almost unavoidable.

Amy and Dan had noticed her pausing of course, but didn't comment, wanting to see how she would react, and what she'd do. They didn't know if she would keep holding until she had a real accident, or whether she would end up faking one, but either way, it was enticing to watch.

Amy knew that she herself was now ready to go again, although not desperately. The cold weather, combined with her large fluid intake and her extremely weak bladder had seen to that, and she was having to make at least a small effort to hold on, although it wasn't too bad yet. But she could tell that her friends need was almost uncontrollable, and decided to try and hurry her along.

Amy slid down the slide again, and grabbed her crotch tightly.

"Dannnny. I need to go potty! Can you take me please?"

"You've got a nappy on remember? Just go wee in that," he replied.

"I don't wanna. I wanna go potty like a big girl! Can you help me put my shoes on please?" Amy said, as she waddled over to his bench, gripping her privates tightly. She sat beside him, and held her socks up in front of her, looking beseechingly at him.

Of course Dan didn't need too much persuasion to play with her feet, so he knelt in front of her, and grabbed her foot, brushing the sand off her sock, and slipping her shoe on. He was repeating the process with the other foot, when Amy let herself go, even pushing down on her bladder as she did so.

"Uh oh," she said loudly, and pulled her foot back raising both feet up in the air, and looking at the crotch of her jeans, and putting her thumb in her mouth without even realising that she was doing so.

Even though Amy hadn't been overly full, it only took that one firm push to start her bladder draining. As she sat there, legs raised, she felt a tingling warmth at her pee hole, followed by a hot, gushing sensation, and then, her already wet diaper, which was being pressed firmly against her sex by the tightness of her jeans, started to expand even further, and as she lost all control, a river of hot pee ran over her crotch, and down the crack of her bum.

Dan, who had been squatting in front of her, brushing the sand from her socks, told he later that he was sure that he had actually heard her urinating, and a firm, hissing sound had emanated from her pants. As he stared at her crotch, he saw first one, then two dark patches appear on the inside legs of he faded jeans, as her already wet diaper was overwhelmed, and started leaking from the leg guards. Amy could see this as well, but it was way too late to do anything about it now, and she wouldn't have been able to stop the flow even if she tried, so she watched in fascinated horror as her crotch became visibly wet.She kept sucking her thumb as she peed, as helpless as a small child would be in the same situation, and her thumb gave her some small comfort as she became wetter and wetter, with her boyfriends eyes only a meter away from her embarrassing "accident."

"I peed my pants," she declared. "My didee leaked Danny."

Dan snapped himself from his hypnotic stupor. "That's okay, Little Amy. That's why you have a didee on! You're not a big girl like Nikki yet. We can change you when we get home. It's alright." Turning his head, he looked for Nikki, finding her sitting directly behind him, poised at the top of the slide, with a birds-eye view of Amys wet pants.

"Come on Little Nikki. We have to go home. Amys wet herself."

Nikki looked down from her perch, with her eyes wide open.

"Danny, I need to pee too....."

Before he could respond, Nikki lifted her dress up, giving both Dan and Amy a perfectly unrestricted view of her Elsa panties. As they watched, he panties suddenly grew a darker shade of yellow, and Elsas picture changed shades. A strong stream of liquid was forcing its way through the flimsy cotton, and a river started to flow down the blue plastic slide.

"Daaaannnnny!" Nikki exclaimed, sounding upset, "Im wetting myself! I can't stop! Help me!"

There was nothing he could do of course, except for watch, and he did. Her panties had pee flowing out of them everywhere, through the crotch, the leg bands, and from beneath her backside. He noticed that she had pulled her dress out from underneath her, and was holding it up and out of the way, and she had hooked her bare feet over the edges of the slide, allowing her pee river an unobstructed path to the bottom, where it formed a puddle in a hollow of the slides base, which was overflowing the edge, and trickling into the sand below. Nikki peed for at least twenty seconds, before the torrent coming from her knickers finally gave a couple of sharp spurts, then tapered off, and finally dripped to a halt.

Nikki sat at the top of the slide, her thumb in her mouth, just like Amys was, and said in a sad, little girls voice, "Danny, I did an accident."

Although he was both shocked, and incredibly turned on, Dan managed to stay in character as her caregiver, and responded at once, although in a slightly wavering, high pitched tone of voice, betraying how unsettled he was feeling.

"Nikki," he almost squeaked, then managed to regain his normal voice, and tried again, this time more forcefully.

"Nikki! You naughty little girl. You told me that you didn't need a nappy on, but you do, don't you? Come down here right now!"

"Right now?"

"Yes Nikki. Right now please. I'll have to take both of you home to change now."

"Okay. If you say so...."

Nikki unhooked her feet, and while still holding her dress up above her panties with one hand, she pushed of with the other, and slide straight down the wet slide, with her bottom landing in the puddle, which was deep enough to make a splash, sending a brief waterfall of pee cascading of the bottom of the slide, further darkening the sand below.

"Look! I made a waterslide!" Nikki remarked childishly, sending Amy into fits of giggles. She sat in her own puddle, grinning mischievously up at Dan with wide eyed innocence, only adding a "Whoops," to her last remark.

Dan sighed with mock frustration, "What am I going to do with you two? You're supposed to be big girls, not little babies who pee in their pants like this."

"Sorry Danny," they replied in unison, which made the three of them crack up laughing.

Eventually Nikki stood up, dropping her dress again, and causing a slight pee trail to snake its way down her leg, crossing over the top of her bare foot. She absentmindedly wiped her other foot over it, smearing sand all over the wet skin, but she seemed untroubled by this altogether. "Stand up Amy, give us a look at your pants," she asked.

Amy stood up, and lifted her baggy jumper at the back as she turned around, showing off two decent sized half moon shaped wet patches, one on the underside of each of her buttocks. When she completed her turn, she lifted her jumper at the front, showing two clearly visible wet streaks on the inside of her upper thighs, marking clearly the exact spots where her leg guards had leaked.

Strangely enough there was no awkwardness between them, and the three of them grinned at each other like idiots, all talking at the same time about how much fun it all was.

Amy noticed Dan kept squeezing at his crotch every once in a while, and at first thought it was just because he was turned on by what they had done, but when she saw him bend his knees slightly, she realised that he himself was starting to feel the need to go as well. She also knew that he obviously wasn't wearing a dress, or even a leaky diaper, and any accident that he may have would have much further reaching complications when it came to him hiding it. She didn't want to cause him any public embarrassment, but she had to be honest with herself, she liked seeing him desperate. She decided to perhaps push him just a little bit further.

"Daannnyyy," she wheedled, turning little again, "I know we've been naughty, but can we stay just a little bit longer? Pwease? I want my pants to dry a bit before we walk home."

He was obviously a bit uncomfortable with the idea at first, but relented when Nikki begged him as well for "just ten more minutes." He wasn't sure whether or not it had anything to do with watching both of the girls wet their pants, but his urgency rating had started skyrocketing, and he was now well and truly in "The Danger Zone," where the possibility of a real accident was now firming to much shorter odds than before. He was of course fully aware of the implications of having an unprotected accident in his jeans, but it was only a short walk back to Amys house, and he figured that he could always tie his hoodie around his waist if the worst was to occur.

Besides, this was new ground now. He'd done lots of deliberate holding games with Amy, and a couple with Nikki as well, but they were always kind of safe. Although they kept raising the bar all the time. He had progressed from wetting his diaper at home or Amys, to wetting his pants in the privacy of their respective backyards, wetting his diaper in public, to peeing in his swimsuit at the beach with nobody around, to peeing in his wet shorts at a public amusement park. Taking a risk in dry pants in public seemed like a logical progression. He really didn't want to wet his pants, but it was kind of a fun thing to take a risk with, especially being with two pretty girls who not only liked the same thing, but who were already wet anyway.

By unspoken agreement, their "little time" seemed to be over. Now that the girls were wet, they appeared to be more interested in talking about it as big kids again, asking each other questions, and talking about how doing it made them feel. Amy suggested another smoke, so the three kids climbed back into the sanctuary of the fort, and sat down again, with Nikki lifting her dress up at the back before she sat down, so as not to get it wet by sitting on it. As they smoked and talked, Daniel was afforded a lovely view of Amys wet crotch, and occasional glimpses of Nikkis wet panties.

But while this was very arousing to the young man, it was quickly tempered by his own swiftly building need for urgent relief. He simply couldn't keep his legs still, and kept accidentally kicking the girls as he crossed and uncrossed his feet.

He was only three quarters of the way through his cigarette, when he felt his penis suddenly twitch sharply, and he gripped himself quickly, fully expecting to feel a wet spot. His jeans remained dry for the moment however, but now it felt like his pent up pee was sitting right at the tip of his penis, and he knew that he'd now pushed his luck as far as he dared to, and perhaps had gone to far already. He flicked his unfinished cigarette out of the fort, and quickly stood up, maintaining a death like grip on his boy parts, feeling the satin panties sliding around the shaft of his member, and getting an impression that they may perhaps be a bit wet already, although his faded jeans didn't reveal any mishaps.

"C'mon girls. We've gotta go. Like right away. I think I'm in trouble now."

Amy tried to tease him at first, asking to stay for a little bit longer until her own jeans had dried a bit more, but when he snapped his response, "Ames, at this stage I really don't give a fuck what you two do, but I like haveta go NOW!" She realised that he was past the point of good natured fun, and was seriously getting upset.

"Of course Babe," she replied, "I'm sorry, let's head off now then."

Nikki slipped her shoes on, and they headed back to Amys. It seemed like the street had suddenly came to life in their absence, and now people were out in their gardens, mowing lawns or weeding, and a few houses had little kids playing loudly in the driveways and front lawns. Amy had tied her jumper around her waist, with the arms hiding her wet crotch from view, and walked along with complete confidence, waving hello at people she knew with no apparent concerns in the world. Nikkis panties might be drenched, but they were safely hidden beneath her dress, and she too had no qualms about walking confidently along.

Danny of course felt like the eyes of the world were upon him, knowing that his impending accident would be highly visible, and there was absolutely no way that he could disguise it if it happened. If he did wet his pants, his idea of tying his own hoodie around his waist would be dreadfully ineffective when it came to hiding the disaster that was about to unfold in his jeans. He knew his silky underpants wouldn't do a single thing to conceal what he felt was an imminent and extremely embarrassing accident that was about to occur. He simply couldn't let go of his penis, or he'd wet himself instantly, so he walked down the road holding himself openly, and tried to keep his thighs together as best he could.

In spite of the cool wind, when Amy looked at him, she saw that he was sweating, and grinding his teeth together while wincing tightly on every third or fourth step. He genuinely couldn't remember the last time that he'd ever needed to pee so badly, and thought that even when he'd battled to hold on at school, before wetting his Goodnight, that he hadn't wanted to go as badly as this.

He was walking on the inside of the trio, holding himself with his left hand, and holding Amys hand with his right, while Nikki walked on the outside, nearest to the road. His mother had always told him that that was where a gentleman was supposed to walk, but he thought that not many gentlemen had ever been so close to pissing themselves, and had to use other people as potential camouflage to hide it.

They were four houses away from Amys when he felt the first spasm from his nether regions, and his hand suddenly detected wetness in his palm. Amy squealed in pain as his grip tightened fiercely on her hand, and Dan froze on the spot for a second, sucking in a sharp intake of breath through clenched teeth, and bending over sharply.

"Sorry," he muttered, then let go of her hand, and now not caring if anybody was watching him, he started doing a shuffling run towards her driveway. He ran through the carport, hardly stopping as he slammed the side gate open, now definitely feeling moisture beneath his tightly clenched left hand. He ran through the pool fence gate, and made a bee line for the shed, where he disappeared beside it, and tried to unzip his fly with his right hand as he continued squeezing his cock through a wet patch on his jeans with his left hand. He had no choice but to let go as he pulled his zip down, and as soon as he did, he started peeing. He fumbled around with his satin underpants, leaking faster and stronger with every second, feeling his hand getting wet, and a tickle on his leg, almost as if a spider was running down it.

He sighed with relief as he managed to pull the front of his panties down, freeing his cock, which was already spraying a strong stream from its tip. He put out his hand and leaned on the shed, leaving a wet handprint behind when he removed it again, and stood there feeling sheer relaxation overwhelm him as he emptied his bladder on the lawn.

He heard the girls coming through the gate now, but just didn't care. It was only when he eventually stopped peeing, that he finally bothered to look down, and try and see what he'd done. He had a round wet patch, the size of a softball on the front of his jeans, and a thin dark stripe on the inside of his right leg, that petered out as it got to his knee. He opened up the button on his jeans, and pulled them down at the front, checking his knickers. They were saturated, with almost the entire front of them now darker than the rest, and clinging tightly to his boyhood, outlining it perfectly in wet, pink satin.

He stroked his shaft through the slippery, clingy fabric, and was surprised at just how good it felt.

Amys stern, caretaker voice suddenly rang out. "Danny Jacobs! What in the world are you doing behind that shed? Come out of there at once please!"

Quickly zipping and buttoning his wet pants up once again, he emerged from his hiding place, and started waddling towards the girls, keeping his legs spread wide, and giving them a full view of his crotch. Putting on his own little voice, he declared in a worried, child like voice.

"Aaammmyy, I didn't make it. I did a wee in my pants!"

*452*2016-09-06 06:06

Chapter 30:

Amy had brought the pitcher of iced tea outside, and they sat around on the plastic chairs in their wet pants trying to drink as much as possible. They all drank another iced tea, and for good measure, a glass of water as well.

"I can't believe you peed down the slide like that Nik, that was awesome!" Amy told her friend.

"It was fun! But I've gotta be honest, it wasn't a real accident though. I did it on purpose. I probably shoulda tried to hold on a bit longer, cause I was awfully close to having a real accident, like I would've at any minute at that point, I was really bursting, but when I got to the top of the slide, I just sorta thought it might be nice to watch it running down. It was really cool to do, but I'm a bit disappointed in myself, wasting the perfect chance to have a real accident I mean. They're the ones I really like doing. It doesn't make me feel as guilty, ya know? Like if I piss myself on purpose, it's fun and all, and I do it a lot, but I still kinda feel a bit bad afterwards. If it's a real accident, like I had this morning in my pyjamas, I don't feel bad at all, even if I've like deliberately set myself up for it. What about you guys? How do you feel about it?"

Dan answered first. "I'm kinda the opposite Nik. This will sound weird I know, cause I hate being incontinent, but I like wetting myself I guess. It's a control thing for me. If I can choose to do it, I really kinda like it, but I hate having accidents I can't control, except for when Amy and me plan for it in private. It's a lotta fun then, doing stuff like we are now, drinking lots and doing holds. Then I'm fine with it, as long as we're somewhere nice and private, like we are here. But I hate having accidents in public. Like really hate it. I was really scared when we were completely home from the park just now. I needed to go sooo bad, and I knew I wasn't going to make it, and everyone in the street was gonna see me wet myself, and it just really fucking bugs me. I hate not being able to control my own body."

He paused to take another long drink, draining half of his large glass in a few big gulps.

"It's kinda funny I guess. Amy taught me how to do a pre-emptive strike, and as long as I'm wearing a grownup nappy, I'll happily use it if I'm out and I need to go. I'll find a quiet spot to stand still, and slowly wet myself, and it feels good, because I'm doing something naughty, and I'm in control of it. But put me in the same situation where I lose control and wet my nappy by accident, it's a totally different feeling. It doesn't even matter if my nappy doesn't leak and nobody knows, the feeling of losing control in public is just horrible."

He reached over and gently squeezed Amys hand, and smiled at her sweetly.

"Amy here is the exception to the rule. At least in private anyway. I really love it when we get to do holds and stuff, and I don't mind having a real accident in front of her, so long as there's nobody else around."

"But what about me Dan? I just saw you have an accident. How does that make you feel?"

"I guess you're a bit different Nik, cause you're like into it as well. It didn't bother me too much, but I still feel kinda stupid about it though. But I wouldn't feel so stupid doing it on purpose. Christ. I've wet myself on purpose in front of you a few times now, and it's been fun. Having this little accident in front of you now doesn't overly bother me, but only because it's just you. But it's still not great, having your friends see you lose control of your own body like that. I'd rather wet myself in front of you on purpose than accidentally."

Amy joined in the conversation at that point. "Wow you guys, this is really very interesting, you know? I mean it's kinda strange in a way, we're talking about doing the same thing, with the same end result, but you guys have completely different views on it! It's kinda fascinating. I mean, at the end of the day, your pants or diaper gets wet, so it's the same ending, yet you both like and dislike different things about how to get there!"

"Well, what about you Amy? I want another girls perspective! Are you like me or Dan on this?"

Amy sat back and thought about it. Dan joined in with Nikki, trying to coax her on, but she wouldn't be rushed into an answer quickly, taking her time to think about it.

"You know something I've only just realised? I just realised that I spend a lot of time thinking about wetting. I mean of course I do, because I'm like nearly totally incontinent, so it's a massive part of my life obviously. It's not something that I can just ignore. The planning I go through every day is incredible. What to wear, what to pack, when or if I should do a pre-emptive strike, talking to mum about my day, wetting my bed every night, it takes up a lot of my thought process.

"When I met Danny, I was at a pretty low point I guess. I had friends, but only one long term one. Everyone sorta looked at me differently all the time, cause I was the girl with all the problems. Then when I met Dan, we really clicked with each other. At first, I thought it was just because we'd both just finally met another kid who had the same issues, but we quickly learned that it was a lot more than that, didn't we sweetie?"

She was still holding his hand, and squeezed it tightly, feeling her heart swell at the smile he gave her. She could see the love in his eyes, not just lust, not just arousal, but pure, sweet, innocent love.

"I guess at first, while we got on fine together, it was our wetting history that brought us together. We were both just so keen to finally talk to another kid who understood. Not a doctor or a parent, but another teenager! Somebody else who had to deal with wet pants and sheets and diapers, and it was an overwhelming relief to do that at last.

"Since then, we've been exploring stuff. Experimenting a lot, ya know? We've been doing and trying a lot of stuff that we've never done before, and I've gotta be honest, we keep like pushing the boundaries a lot, seeing exactly what we can do and get away with, and it's a lot of fun to do.

"But if you want to know if I prefer deliberate or accidental, well, I guess I'd say deliberate. When it comes to accidentally wetting myself, not like when we play games, but like in regular life and stuff, well I'm a lot like Danny. I like to be in control when I do it. I suppose it all comes from my childhood, when mummy would put me in a cloth nappy after school and let me wet it, or let me wet my pull up if we were out and I needed to go. That was how I learned about doing a pre-emptive strike, by choosing when I wet myself. So not only did it give me some control back, but my mummy let me do it, so I never got into any trouble. That made me very comfortable with doing it on purpose, and I guess that I like it.

"But at the same time, I'm so used to having real accidents, that it just doesn't bother me as much anything, certainly not as much as it bothers Danny. It's just a part of my life, like something I have to deal with, ya know? It's no different than choosing what to eat, or what to watch on TV, it's just like a part of my life. I don't necessarily enjoy it, but I gotta deal with it. But I guess that's why I love playing little kids games with Danny, because it makes it seem kinda normal, ya know? Because little kids have accidents, and it's not such a big deal like it is when big kids like us have one, so it's kinda nice to pretend like I'm just normal, and not all fucked up, and wetting myself is just a minor little thing, and not such an embarrassing drama."

Dan was vigorously nodding his head. "That's exactly what I was trying to get at. We only just found out why I kept wetting myself and my bed, and up till now, mum and dad thought I was just lazy, or was doing it on purpose I guess, and while they never like smacked me or anything, I always felt like I'd let them down or something when I wet myself. Especially the bed wetting. My daytime accidents have only really started getting worse over the last year, but my bed wetting has been going on forever, and we all thought I'd grow out of it, and we were all getting frustrated when I didn't. But at least we know now that there's a reason for it, and I'm not just a lazy kid."

"What about you Nik?" Amy asked, "Why do you like accidents so much?"

Nikki drained her glass and refilled it while she considered her answer, topping up her friends glasses as well. Amy and Dan drank deeply, waiting for her answer.

"Parents and grownups are strange," she said. "I guess I like having real accidents for the same reasons, but also different reasons than what Danny does, and it's because of my mum.

"Like I toldya, I've always had a kinda weak bladder, and wetting myself was sorta common, particularly when I was little. Especially given my fear of public toilets. But if I had an accident, my mum was usually okay with it, but I always liked wetting my pants for fun as well, and if she caught me doing it on purpose, she'd smack my arse. So for me, having a real accident was acceptable, but wetting on purpose wasn't. Don't get me wrong, I love doing it on purpose, but I still feel real guilty when I do, but if I have an accident, a real one, it sorta doesn't feel so bad.

"Even though I'm a big kid now, mum still knows that sometimes stuff happens, and I'll pee myself, but when she thinks I've done it on purpose, she freaks out and loses the plot with me."

The more they talked, the more they realised not only how much they had in common, but also how much their parents attitudes had shaped them. Dans folks had been loving but frustrated with his wetting, as they hadn't known that there was a real, underlying cause to it, Amys mother had tried to embrace her daughters problem, and raised her to not be stressed out over a condition that she couldn't control, while Nikkis mother had accepted that accidents sometimes happened, but didn't like her daughter wetting herself on purpose. The trio felt a real bond developing as they talked, with Dan and Amy in particular realising that although they had talked a lot about how and what they liked, they had never discussed in great detail exactly how they had developed their particular quirks. It felt good to understand each other a bit more, and find out exactly why they thought in the ways that they did.

"But I've got to be honest with you guys." Nikki said. "I'm afraid I'm just not into pretending to be little like you two are. I just couldn't get into it last week with so many people around, and while it WAS kinda fun just now, at the park, I don't think it's my cup of tea. It just feels kinda weird, ya know? I mean I love wetting my pants and stuff, but I just feel sorta stupid pretending to be a little kid. I think that part of why I like wetting myself so much, is the fact it's so wrong and naughty, and I sorta don't need to, what's the word? Justify? Justify it by pretending to be something I'm not. I just like doing it cause it's so much fun, and kinda sexy, in a way. But I certainly don't judge what you guys like doing, that's for sure." She hastened to add.

Amy was quick to reassure her friend. "That's fine Nik. No one here wants you to do anything that you don't want to do. If you happy just playing holding games and accident stuff, that's quite all right, isn't it Dan?"

"Course it is. I've gotta admit, that it does feel kinda weird sometimes, but it's just something that Ames and I started doing, and I'm not even sure exactly why we did. I think it started when Ames was teasing me about trying out the grownup nappies for the first time, she sorta took charge of me, ya know? Anyway, I let her do it, then I did it to her, and it kind of kicked off from there I guess. To be honest with you, it's part of the reason that I sort of didn't want you coming to Adventure World with us at first. I didn't know you, and I felt stupid about you seeing some of the dumb stuff we do. But as long as you're cool about our stupid stuff, and never ever tell anyone about it, I really don't mind you being with us at all. You never have to do it with us, just do whatever you want. If you want to go in your pants, or wear a diaper, that's cool, so long as you're comfortable with it, that's the main thing!"

"Thanks so much guys, I feel better now. I was kinda worried you wouldn't want to play with me anymore, if I didn't want to be a baby or something."

"Don't be stupid Nik! Dan and me really like you, and you're pretty cool to hang around with. Have you got any other questions or anything about what we do? Go on, you can tell us or ask us anything!"

Nikki immediately blushed, obviously not sure of exactly what to say.

"No, don't worry about it, it's nothing. Really."

Amy let go of Dans hand, and took hold of Nikkis instead.

"Come on Nik! Fess up! We're all sharing stuff here. Let's face it, if the other kids at school ever got a hint of what we like doing, we'd be ruined. I've already got enough dirt on you, same as you have on me. And Danny of course. We all know so much secret stuff about each other that it's not funny. So you might as well tell us!"

"Yeah Nik. Come on. Confession time." Dan goaded.

She sighed deeply, but smiled wickedly at the same time, then leaned across the table, and lowered her voice, even though there was nobody else to overhear her.

"Alright then, here goes. There is something else that I kinda like to do occasionally. I just wanted to know if perhaps you two did it too.

"Sometimes, I like to do a poo in my pants as well."

*455*2016-09-06 08:47

Thanks guys.

Dont really know exactly where this is heading, but be warned, it won't be very graphic. It's going to get a mention, but I don't think I'll go too in depth with it.

But, you never know.

*458*2016-09-06 22:01

Chapter 31:

Dan had his glass halfway to his mouth, lips open ready to drink, but he stopped dead, unable to move. Amy had been watching a bird that had landed on the fence, but her head snapped around quickly in Dans direction. He glanced at her nervously, knowing her feelings on the topic, and winced as he waited for her to respond. In all honesty, he was expecting her to at least yell a bit, and perhaps even start throwing things. But instead, she met his nervous glance calmly.

Nikki had seen the look that passed between them, and felt a cold shiver run down her spine.

"Oh shit. Shitfuck. Oh Christ. I'm sorry guys. Please. Just forget I said anything. Shit! Please, I'm sorry I said that, I really didn't want to, but you kind of insisted. I knew I shouldn't have told you that! Please, can we just just pretend I didn't say that?"

Amy squeezed her hand reassuringly. "Whoa Nikki, just calm down. Nobody's upset or anything, you just sort of surprised us with that, that's all. Please, tell us about it, I swear, it's okay."

"Uh uh. No way. I didn't really mean it like that anyway. It just sort of slipped out. I don't wanna talk about that sort of stuff anyway. I mean, who would? Let's just keep drinking and not talk about yucky stuff, okay?"

Amy remained calm in the face of Nikkis nervousness. She sent Dan to fetch the ashtray, and then they all lit up smokes, and eventually Nikki calmed down enough to listen to what Amy had to say.

"Listen mate. I don't know why you're so upset. It's not really a big deal after all. I mean, it's not much different from what we all like doing anyway, is it? It's just a different sort of accident type of thing."

"No it's not! It's dirty and filthy! I saw the look you guys passed with each other, and I don't blame you. Fuck! I wish I hadn't said anything! Please don't hate me, I promise I'll never mention it again."

"Nik, listen to me. There's a reason why Dan and I looked at each other. There's another secret that you don't know about. A bad one. Only my friend Tanya knows about it, it's that bad. But I'll get to that later. I need you to listen to me now, it's got absolutely nothing to do with me or Dan being upset or disgusted with you, really it doesn't, does it Dan?"

"She's not lying Nik. You just sorta shocked us, that's all. If it wasn't for Amys secret, we wouldn't have reacted like that. I'd like you to forget how we reacted, and tell us about it. I'm actually interested."

"So am I Nik. If you share your secrets with us, I'll share mine with you, then you'll understand why we behaved like we did. Whaddya say? You tell us about what you do, and why, and I'll explain some stuff to you later! But first, come and help me with some fresh drinks."

Nikki thought that the older girl wanted to talk to her alone, but Amy said nothing, apart from asking for help carrying the fresh glasses out, while she herself poured some lemonade and ice cubes into the jug. Soon, they all had fresh drinks, and in an effort to mask the slightly uncomfortable silence that had befallen them, they all drank deeply.

"Before we start," Amy said, I want to change I think. My jeans are nearly dry, and I think I might take my diaper off, and put panties on instead. I'll be needing to pee again shortly, so I don't want to waste it. What about you two?"

"I might put my jeans on as well," Nikki replied, glad of the delay. "Do you mind if I hang my knickers on your line to dry?"

"Go for it Nik. Just don't forget about them. What about you, Catholic boy?"

Dan stretched his legs out straight to get a better view of his wet spot. It was still there, but had dried out considerably, and actually felt wetter than what it looked. He slid his hand inside his jeans, and rubbed it over his satin panties, and was surprised to find that they felt almost dry to the touch.

"Nah, I'm only going to wet again later, and I'm almost dry now. I'll leave these on I think."

Amy gave them both a smile. "I want us to be at least nearly dry later. I've got a game for us to play....."

No matter how much Dan and Nikki pestered her, she wouldn't be drawn into an answer. "You'll see," was all she would tell them.

By now, the earlier tension was dissipating, and they were chatting away like normal again. At least until Nikki drained her glass, stood up, and walked to the clothesline.

She turned her back, kicked off her flats, and reached under her dress and pulled her panties down. Dan and Amy saw the underside of her buttocks twice, the first time as she bent over to pick her panties up, and again, as she stood on her tiptoes to peg them on the line. If she was aware of it, it certainly didn't seem to bother her. Dan exchanged a silent look of wonder with Amy, who didn't speak, but looked thoughtful.

The girls then headed inside together, leaving Dan alone at the table. He saw them head down the passage, then he turned his attention towards the clothesline. After a moment or two, he got up, and checking the door first, he walked quickly to where the panties were hanging, and stared at them.

Nikki had hung them out using two pegs, stretching them wide so as to maximise the airflow and dry them quicker. She had obviously done it before, Dan thought with a chuckle. They really were children's panties, faded yellow in colour, with green trim, and Elsas smiling face emblazoned on the front. He reached a tentative hand out and lightly touched the crotch, then traced the edge of the visible wet patch up one side, then down the other. His other hand came up, and he stretched them out wide, watching Elsas head go a funny shape, and feeling the cold, wet fabric across his fingertips. He stepped forward, seeing how the back of them was completely soaked all the way up to the elastic waistband, a legacy of Nikki sitting in her own pee puddle on the slide. He nervously glanced over his shoulder at the back door, then stepped forward, pulled them towards his face, and inhaled deeply, taking in the sour, acrid smell of Nikkis still fresh urine.

Suddenly he felt a surge of guilt. He really shouldn't be playing with Nikkis panties, he thought, and feeling a flush of heat rising up his neck, he hastened back over to the table, super glad that nobody had seen what he'd just done.

Meanwhile, in Amys room, the girls were laughing hysterically.

"Oh. My. God! H-he ac-actually sniffed them! D-did you see that? He sniffed them!"

Amy dropped the curtain that she'd been holding, the one covering her bedroom window, the same window that had a perfectly unobstructed view of the clothesline. She was laughing as well, although not as hard as her friend was, and certainly not as hard as she had been at first, when they had watched her boyfriend make his first, tentative steps towards the line.

As they had entered the house, Amy had hurried the younger girl down the hall, making a quick bet of two dollars that Dan would get a closer look of her wet panties. She won the bet, but was actually feeling a bit hollow about it now.

Trying not to show it, she gave Nikki a gentle punch on the arm.

"There you go mate! Pay up! I knew he'd do that! Men! Huh. Can't help themselves!"

"I'll pay you later Ames. My bags in the living room. Wow! You were right. I didn't think he would you know! Are you gonna tell him that we saw him?"

She considered this, then chose her answer carefully. "No. Please don't say anything to him. I'd rather he didn't know I was spying on him."

"Maybe you should be spying on him. If he's going to go around checking out other girls knickers whenever he gets the chance!"

Nikki was still giggling, unaware that Amys laughter was now sounding more forced than before.

"No Nik. Danny's alright. I trust him with all my heart. We really do love each other, you know? Besides, I don't think that he'd ever like actually cheat on me with another girl or anything."

"Why's that Ames?" Nikki asked with a big grin.

"Why? Because Dan knows that I'd kill her. Literally. Then probably him as well."

Amy was smiling, but the smile didn't quite reach her eyes, and something about the way she looked made Nikki feel suddenly uncomfortable. She laughed, slightly nervously, "Yeah, I guess you would. Look, I'm going to get changed in the bathroom, then I'll get your two bucks, alright?"

"Sure mate, but forget the two bucks, it was nothing more than a stupid bet, alright? I'll see you outside."

Women can be very good at saying things without actually saying them, and also understanding when and how such things are being said. It's a talent passed on by genetics through the generations, that they seem particularly adept at in certain situations. Even though it had been unspoken, the line had been drawn in the sand, and Nikki didn't need it to be spelled out to her any clearer.

*462*2016-09-07 01:15

{{On 12 August 2016 at 6:16 AM, LunasAuditor said:

I just had a sickening moment... turns out after about a week of reading this wonderful yarn in the evenings, I just reached the last page (to date)!! ;) Oh, and heads up, I am afflicted with a terrible case of whatever the keyboard version of "verbal diarrhoea" is, apologies for the long post!

I am in absolute awe at this story, it feels for the most part really well written (apart from the odd to/too, there/their/they're, your/you're, should "of", etc, and yes I accept my grammar Nazism so sorry for bringing it up! :P ) and you write the characters really well too, it didn't take long to become fully invested in them! And in light of earlier comments regarding finding Dan's wetting hot despite being male/straight, I reckon in large part that's again due to the investment in the characters as I've found myself reading the story AS Dan quite often so when he's enjoying himself makes me imagine myself in his place...

The variety that Nikki brings works really well, with Dan & Amy having varying degrees of incontinence it's a great way to add new interest introducing someone who's always wet for pleasure, helps open up new avenues and I like the hints that Amy's at least a little bit turned on by Nikki too - although I'm hoping it doesn't lead to any relationship troubles with D&A, while that could be fun to write I just hope if it ever happens it's just a little thing and doesn't get too soap opera!!

Constructive criticism-wise, I already mentioned the grammar nazi thing so you can tell me to go stuff myself on that front, but I noticed that over the last few chapters Nikki seems to be explaining effectively the same backstory to Amy several times with little new information, maybe could use some more individual experiences smattered in there like D&A did early on... There were one or two other small things I picked up as I went along but forgot them since, so can't have been that significant! ;)

And then there's THAT ENDING!!!! Firstly, that was very mean of you - DON'T DO THAT AGAIN you hear :P You gotta put a warning on it for those with weak hearts, such a sudden tragedy was like a punch in the face, certainly got the feels going!! :P Secondly, despite my almost quitting there and then (lucky I realised it couldn't be over with so many pages left!) I thought that it was actually really well written and in other circumstances could have been brilliant, albeit I think it would have needed the same number of subsequent chapters as preceded it to bring the story back around... Given the strength of your character writing, I think you could make very good use of such a plot twist in other circumstances, just don't think it's best used in such a soft and fuzzy (oh, and... wet) story, unless you wanted to subvert expectations and take it on a completely different track!

Oh, and I like Teesle's suggestion about age-jumping the story - maybe once you feel you've eked out all you want to from their current story, and if you still feel like writing, you could jump to when they're older to explore more adult themes and emotions... I love how you've written their sexual explorations so far but yeah walking the thin line between what's acceptable must be tricky!!

}}

Thanks for the feedback. Glad you're enjoying it.

I agree about the grammar, it's a real bugbear of mine as well. I'm writing this entirely on my iPhone, and autocorrect has a lot to answer for! I proof read, and catch a lot, but inevitably some slip through.

As I've said before, I think when a person reads their own story, they tend to see what they meant, not always what they wrote.

I'm liking the idea of a grownup version more and more, and I think that may well be my second project.

*465*2016-09-07 22:29

Chapter 32:

Nikki rocked back up wearing a pair of bright pink denim jeans, which complimented her faded pink denim jacket, and the tight white t-shirt she now wore in place of her dress. Even though she was still relatively flat chested, her new outfit made her look older, and she could have passed herself off as a young looking sixteen year old. She was still barefooted, and had pink nail polish on her toes that matched her outfit. Performing a slow spin for her friends, she remarked that she had chosen the outfit specifically to show off any wet spot that might occur.

"Pointless not seeing it," she exclaimed.

After pouring out lemonade for everyone, Dan remarked on how much they had drank already. He was used to consuming large quantities of drink with Amy when they played together, but even by their lofty standards, they were breaking new ground today. The three of them tried to work out exactly how much they'd had, but the only figure that they could agree on, was "a lot."

Eventually one of them had to address the huge grey elephant in the room, so Dan took it upon himself to be the one to do so.

"So Nik, do you, ahh, like want to talk about, you know, 'it?' Tell us about what you do and stuff? I'm honestly very interested, and I'm pretty sure Ames is as well. Why don't you just tell us about it, like how you started doing that sort of thing, how often you do it, and what you do to like get away with it? I'm sure it's not as easy as just hiding your wet underpants from your mum."

She drained her glass, as if it was a magic potion that would give her the strength to continue, then took a deep breath to calm her nerves.

"Well, the first time I pooed my pants was an accident. That was about two years ago, when I was eleven. Back then, we didn't live in the apartment. Mum had a boyfriend, and we lived in his shitty old house in Mirrabooka."

"Where's that? Out in the country?" Amy asked.

"No," Dan explained, "It's a kinda rough suburb, East of the city. It's got a lot of low income houses and stuff. It's not really a great place to live, as far as I know anyway."

"You're right Danny. It's not a great place. Mums boyfriend had a house that was almost falling down around our ears, in a rough street, with bad neighbors. There were gangs of kids roaming the neighbourhood, with lots of drugs around, lots of fights and break ins, stolen cars, shit like that. Mums boyfriend was a real prick. I didn't like him much at all. He like drank a lot, and got pretty mean when he was drunk. Don't get the wrong idea, he never like hit us or anything, but he was a bully. He treated mum like shit, and used to pick on me and Troy all the time.

"He hated it when I wet the bed, or had an accident, and called me stuff like a fucking baby if it happened. If mum stood up for us, he'd yell at her, then storm out and get on the piss, which only made him nastier. One day, Troy was washing up and broke the glass lid from the 'lectric frypan. I really thought that Mike, that was his name, was gonna punch Troy in the face. If mum hadn't been there, I bet he woulda.

"The only good thing about living there, was my cubby house. It was already there of course, Mike would never have built it for me, and it was dirty and full of junk when we first moved in, but mum cleaned it out for me, put some vinyl down, gave me a bean bag to put in it, and really made it nice. She did that just so I'd have a safe place to play. She didn't like me playing out on the street cause there were so many dickheads around, and I couldn't even run around with no shoes on out the front, cause we kept finding needles on the lawn from the junkies who lived next door, so my cubby was sorta my safe place, ya know?

I used to keep a lot of my dolls and teddy bears in there, and even though I was probably getting to old for dumb stuff like that, I'd have pretend tea parties and things in there, and make believe that we actually lived in a nice house, like this one, with a pool and stuff, instead of rusty old car bodies. There would be a swing set, and a trampoline, and not weeds and broken beer bottles everywhere, and I could ride my bike up and down the street without always being afraid."

Her friends were engrossed in her story, because she was obviously speaking from the heart, and they could hear the emotion, not to mention a touch of quiet desperation in her voice, as she was reliving these depressing memories from not all that long ago. Amy was clearly picturing a sad, lonely little girl with no one to play with, stuck in an abusive household with nowhere else but her cubby house to run to. Feeling saddened and helpless, she gave her friends arm a rub, as a small sign of consolation, urging her to continue.

"Anyway, even though we live in an apartment now, I got my trampoline at last! We've got a nice little playground there, and although it's supposed to be for kids twelve and under, nobody's stopped me from playing on it! At least not yet."

"Sounds really bad Nik. I'm sorry you and Troy had to go through that." Danny spoke to her with real sympathy.

She smiled sweetly at him after hearing this. "Thanks Dan. It wasn't great, but mums never had much money, and we had to live somewhere I guess. We'd been crashing on people's couches for a while beforehand. Mums still pretty broke, but I guess that's why she insists on us going to private schools. She wants us to have as good an education as possible, so we don't grow up poor like she did. It costs a lot of money, but she won't consider us going anywhere else, only the best. It's why we eat a lot of sausages I guess. But don't get the wrong idea. She's a great mum. She tries her best, and works real hard to give us whatever we need, even if she's got nothing."

After talking for so long, she had a dry throat, and even though she was starting to feel rather bloated, she knocked back yet another glass of lemonade before continuing her story.

"Anyway, one day, must've been a Saturday cause I wasn't at school, mum was at work. Mike started drinking early, which was always a bad sign of things to come. I tried to keep out of his way, and just do my chores. He got into a fight with Troy about something, and Troy stormed out, and slammed the door. Mike went out after him, but Troy nicked off on his bike too quickly to be caught. Of course Mike was infuriated, and so I copped it instead. He wouldn't ever like actually touch me or anything, cause he knew mum would go to the cops straight away, but he yelled at me, which made me cry, then he gave me a big lecture on what it was like having an ungrateful bitch and her ungrateful kids living in his house.

"I managed to finish my chores, then I fled to the only safe place I knew, my cubby. I decided that if I just stayed there all day, or until mum got home at least, I wouldn't have to deal with Mike again. It was a very hot day that day, and I got thirsty, but I didn't dare go inside for a drink, so I just drank water out of the hose. Lots of water. It was pretty hot in the cubby, which had a tin roof, so I kept going and drinking water whenever I got thirsty, which was like all the time. I only had a skirt and panties on, with a t-shirt, and a pair of socks. I'd run out of the house so quickly, I hadn't even grabbed my shoes. Of course that meant I was trapped in the yard. Even if I had have been allowed out, I couldn't go walking around too far without shoes, cause of all the broken glass in the back, and the risk of needles out the front, and I wasn't going to go back in unless I absolutely had to."

"This sounds horrible Nik. Almost like a bad movie or something! What did you do?" Dan asked.

"Not much really. Just played, and drank lots of water to try and keep cool. But of course, that's where my problems started. With my weak bladder, it wasn't long before I needed to pee. It shouldn't have been a big deal. I often peed behind the cubby, usually taking my pants off, but every now and then, I'd wet myself back there, but that was usually when I was playing with the hose and had my bathing suit on though, although I had done it in my pants a few times.

"So I was sitting on the floor, absolutely busting, like real bad. I could hear Mike slamming doors and stuff in the house, and I knew he was getting drunker and meaner all the time, and I didn't want to risk him catching me doing a wee in his yard, so I tried to hold it. I even looked through all my toys, trying to find something I could do a wee in, but there was nothing. I didn't even dare to sit in my bean bag, in case I wet myself, so I just sat on the hard floor, hitched my skirt up, crossed my legs, and pushed my hands against my pee hole.

"But that didn't work for long of course. I moved around a bit, and the next thing I could feel pee on my hands! So I got up quickly, not worrying about Mike anymore, and did a funny, legs apart waddle out the door and behind the cubby. Once I got there, I held my skirt up, spread my legs as far apart as I could so I wouldn't get pee on my socks, squatted down, and let go, completely wetting my knickers. But that wasn't the worst of it.

"I guess it happened because I was like squatting down pushing with my legs spread wide apart, but something like suddenly shifted in my tummy, and I farted, only it was worse than that, because a bit of poo came out at the same time! It wasn't a lot, but it was big enough, let me tell you! Of course I jumped up straight, still peeing mind you, and I peed all down my legs and over my socks as well."

Dans eyes had widened. "That's almost exactly what happened to me when I was ten years old!" He went on to explain the story about when he had messed in his underpants while peeing beside his shed, and the three of them laughed together at the similarities between the stories before Nikki picked up where she had left off.

"I panicked of course, and ran back inside my cubby with a lump in the back of my wet panties. I shut the door, and tried to figure out what to do. I didn't dare go back inside, because I was so scared of what Mike would do if he saw me. I always got yelled at for wetting myself, and now I'd not only done that, but pooed myself as well. All I could do was stay there until mum got home, and hope that she'd come outside to look for me. I knew she wouldn't let Mike yell at me too much for having an accident, especially if I told her why I was too scared to go inside.

"But I hadn't finished apparently. I couldn't sit down because of the nugget in my pants, so I had to stand there. I must've stood around for ten minutes or more, when I felt my stomach gurgling. I was so scared and nervous that I was nearly crying, and if I hadn't been in my safe little cubby, I reckon I would've been bawling my head off, but I think being so nervous caused what happened next. I was pacing around in circles, and I couldn't just feel what I'd done, I could smell it as well. I couldn't figure out a single way to get out of it. If Mike didn't catch me, I'd end up having to tell my mum when she got home. I've never been so scared in my life, my stomach was in knots, and I suddenly needed to poo very badly. The first bit had only been the tip of the iceberg, or maybe the poo-berg would be a better name for it, and the rest was in a hurry to get out as well. I farted a couple of times, and while I didn't exactly poo, my farts were very wet and smelly.

"That's when mum got home. I heard her car pull up, and a couple of minutes later I could hear Mike yelling. I didn't dare go up to the house, so I stayed where I was, and felt my poo starting to come out, but I was like completely helpless to do anything about it. The next thing I knew, I got a terrible cramp, like really bad, and I couldn't stop it. I bent over, and just completely shit in my pants. So much, that my knickers were full, and hanging off me. I just gave up and let go, and even more came out, and I got so upset that I started to cry.

"But then I heard mum calling my name, so I just accepted that I was well and truly sprung. I opened the door, and mum was standing there with Mike, who looked a lot calmer.

'Nikki, I'm just going to run Mike to the pub, back soon' she called, so I stood there with my knickers full of shit, and waved back at her.

"As soon as I heard her car drive off, I ran behind the cubby, holding my panties up because they kept trying to fall down. I took them off, then, holding my skirt up high, I ran inside. I didn't have a real plan, apart from cleaning up quickly, but I didn't even think of having a shower. I stood in the toilet, and used nearly a whole roll of paper trying to get the gunk off me. It got all over my hands and everything, and was pretty disgusting. But I finally finished, washed my hands in super hot water, put another pair of knickers on, and went back to the cubby. I picked up mums garden trowel on the way, and used it to dig a big hole behind the cubby and I buried my underpants"

"Oh my God!" Amy exclaimed, "So you got away with it then?"

"Sure did!" Nikki exclaimed with a big grin. "Although it was close. I hadn't cleaned myself as well as I should have, and when mum made me take a bath that night, I had a lot of stains in the panties I'd put on. I couldn't do much about that, and if mum DID notice when she did the laundry, well, she never said anything. But I remember that night clearly. I was laying back in the bath, all warm and clean and cozy, thinking about what I'd done. I started thinking about all the times that if wet myself on purpose, and gotten away with it, and now I'd shit myself and got away with that as well, if mum didn't notice my stained panties that is. And even if she did, I thought I'd probably be able to get away with it by telling her that I supposed I hadn't wiped properly, and I'd be more careful in the future. It made me kinda wonder if I could like do it on purpose and get away with it."

Dan asked, "So is that how you started then? When did you do it on purpose?"

"I didn't do it on purpose for ages Dan, but I kept thinking about doing it, like over and over again. Then one day mum bought the washing in, and there was a pair of my knickers that had a big hole in the bum, around the elastic. She handed them to me, and told me to throw them out. I was heading to the bin with them, and a little voice spoke up and said, 'Don't throw them out Nik, use them first...', so I hid them in my room instead. It was a long time until I got the chance, but one day mum and Mike were out somewhere, and so was Troy, so I dug them out, put them on, then sat on the toilet and messed in them!

I didn't dare leave them on for too long because of the smell, but I went outside wearing them under my nightie, and walked around for a while. It was a totally different feeling from wetting them. Like really super naughty or something, and kinda disgusting as well, but also fun at the same time. I had more time that day, so I put 'em in a plastic bag, had a big shower, then took the bag to the park and threw it in the trash there. Nobody ever knew, and it felt like really good to do something so naughty and get away with it. A bit like smoking I guess. Have you got any more smokes Amy?"

She did, and passed them around. After they were all puffing away contentidley, Nikki continued talking.

"Thanks Ames. I sorta needed that. Well that's how I got started I guess. But don't get the wrong idea though, I've only ever done it about half a dozen times since then. I'd never do it in my good knickers, so I wait until I've got a pair that needs throwing out, and I use them first. I just couldn't imagine trying to get a pair clean after doing a poo in them, I'd rather toss them I think."

"When was the last time you did it Nik?" Danny asked, curiously.

"Last week! Remember that Goodnight you gave me? Well I wore it to bed three nights in a row, and it started to stretch outta shape, and wouldn't fit properly. I was gonna throw it out, then I realised that I hadn't pooped myself in months, and never in a pull up, so I used it! In bed! That was kinda risky, but I didn't go much, and it didn't leak thank God. My room stunk afterwards though, and I had to open the window and air it out.

"So. That's my story. I like to do it occasionally, but not all the time. I guess I've only done it six or seven times in total. You now know all my dirty secrets!"

She fixed Amy with a interested look.

"You said you would tell me your secrets if I told you mine. That makes it your turn!"

After hearing Nikkis story in all its brutal honesty, Amys opinion had changed a bit. Because she hated having messy accidents so much, when her friend had mentioned it, her first reaction had been one of confusion and disgust. Why the hell would anyone choose to do that on purpose? It's horrible! But after hearing Nikkis explanation, Amy could now perhaps understand her viewpoint a bit more. It was still something that had no appeal for herself, but she kind of understood the attraction of doing something so bad and getting away with it.

That was the crux of the issue, Amy thought. It had nothing to do with Nikki actually playing with her poop, but more about her doing something so incredibly naughty and not getting caught. Even she herself understood the attraction of that. Danny and her did a lot of stuff that they shouldn't do, smoking, drinking alcohol, touching each other, deliberately wetting themselves and stuff. Hell, even now they were sitting around in pants they'd peed in, and a big part of the thrill was getting away with it. So while she couldn't agree on messing being a fun thing, she knew what Nikki meant about the naughtiness of it being fun at least.

Originally she had planned on being condescending towards Nikki, letting her know in no uncertain way that messing yourself wasn't something to be enjoyed, and people that had real accidents couldn't possibly agree with her stupid ideas, but her attitude had softened a lot now.

As Nikki was speaking, Amy realised that her own thoughts were a bit hypocritical. After all, she was incontinent, but had easily accepted her friends own passion for pants wetting, and this was really no different at all, just another facet of the same type of thing. She was very glad that she had listened to Nikki speak before she had made any cutting remarks.

Amy took a big drink, then winced as she felt the first, fresh spasm in her bladder, indicating that another wetting was building up again. She had noticed that Nikki had ended up crossing her own legs while talking, and Dan had started occasionally holding himself as well. Apparently all three of them were starting to get desperate again, and she had a plan for this, so she decided to tell her story quickly, so they could get on with it.

"Well Nikki, you know how getting stomped on by the horse messed my bladder up? Well it did some other damage as well. You see, nowadays I can also have problems where......"

And she continued on, finally telling Nikki about the full scope of her problems, but in a calm way, with no condescending remarks or attitude at all.

It actually felt good to talk to another friend about it as well.

*467*2016-09-09 02:12

{{On 7 September 2016 at 10:18 AM, superkoolkid25 said:

I do Aswell Barry, And also, why don't you transfer it to your computer? I have a feeling that you would be able to type faster with less grammatical mistakes A swell. (Is Grammatical The Right Term?)

}}

I don't dare use the computer. Our house contains four laptops and two iPads, but out of my four kids, two are in high school and one is at uni. My wife is also a bit of a gamer. Not real games, mostly crap like Candy Crush and FarmVille, or slot machine shit.

So while technically I have my own computer, it's more often than not that someone else is using it. It would only take me forgetting to log out once, or not clearing the browser for the whole house of cards to come tumbling down.

Also, I'm not much of a computer person. I use one all day at work, and I'm not that interested in using one at home, so if I suddenly started using the computer every night, 5 other people would all want to know what I'm suddenly doing using it, as it's so uncommon.

But im a bit of a phone junkie. Nobody bats an eyelid at me spending hours fucking around playing games or using Facebook or messaging people.

I also do a lot of my writing early in the mood before work, like 5:30-6:00 early. As the household awakens, they all see me having a coffee and fucking with my phone. If they saw me using the computer at that hour, no explanation would be plausible enough.

I'm the only one who can access my phone, and nobody ever needs it for Internet access, so it's the safest tool I've got.

*468*2016-09-09 08:11

Chapter 33:

"Oh shit Amy! I had no idea!"

"You weren't supposed to mate. Only Danny and Tanya, you know Tanya? My kiwi friend at school?" Nikki nodded. "They're the only ones who know."

"If you don't mind me asking, and feel free to tell me to mind my own business of course, but how do you deal with it? How often do you have yucky accidents? Is there anything they can do about it?"

"There's not much that anyone can do about it Nik. It's a combination of two things. Not having a gall bladder, and being slightly lactose intolerant. It's usually not too bad. Most times it plays up, it's because I've eaten something I shouldn't, or had too much milk, but every now and then I'll get an upset stomach for no reason, or at least unexpectedly. I can go months without an accident, then something will give me the squirts, and I'll shit myself. The last time it happened was the day I met Dan. I'd had ice cream that day, and it didn't usually upset me, but it did that time. Then I learned the hard way that too much Coke can do it as well.

Danny and I did our first big day of drinking and holding, like we are now, but we drank mostly Coke all day. I also had a glass of wine, which I'm not used too, but the end result was the same. A dirty diaper. Greasy food can play up with me as well, but as long as I don't eat it all the time I'm okay. I generally eat a lot of salad and veggies, and I like steak and seafood, so if I eat right I'm okay. That's why I drink so much ice tea when we do a hold. It really makes me need to pee, but it doesn't affect my tummy, so it's perfect!"

"You're right about it making a girl need to pee!" Nikki replied, re-crossing her legs the other way. "It seems to go right through me!"

Dan laughed. "I think you should blame the quantity Nik, not the actual tea! We've easily drank over a litre each this morning, and that's not counting the water, Coke and hot tea either!"

Nikki grinned. "Guess you're right Dan, and you didn't mention the lemonade either! Here, let's have another!" She poured yet another round. Then her expression turned a bit sheepish, and she avoided Amys eyes as she continued talking.

"I see now why you two looked at each other you way you did when I first mentioned it. Guess you think I'm a bit of a wacko, huh?"

"I've gotta admit Nik, you did throw me off a bit at first when you said it. I mean, I hate it so much, I guess I never really considered for a moment that other people may enjoy doing it. But now I think about it, that was pretty stupid of me. I mean we three are proof that some people like wetting their pants and wearing diapers, so it stands to reason that some people have to like shitting in them as well. I guess I just never considered it."

"You should Google it sometime Amy. I was curious to know if I was the only one, and I was a bit surprised to find out I wasn't. But most of the stuff you'll find is like grownup, sexy sort of stuff though. I don't think it's exactly a sexy thing myself, just a fun, naughty thing. If anything, it makes me feel kinda babyish, you know? That's why I thought you guys might've liked it, cause it's a baby type of thing, and I thought it fitted in with you guys pretending to be little. I don't really get how grownups could get like turned on and stuff by it. It's pretty yucky. But I don't understand a lot of stuff that grownups do."

"Nikkis right." Dan said. "I've googled 'Pretending to be a kid,' and there's a whole lot of adults who do it. They call themselves Adult Babies. There's a term for us as well, Teen Babies. I wasn't game enough to go to any chat rooms or stuff, because mum freaks about stuff like that, but there's heaps and heaps of stories about teens and adults wearing diapers and being babies."

Amy rolled her eyes. "I do know that Dan. Believe it or not I do own a computer myself you know. I've seen some of the pictures people have posted, and thought it looked pretty sick. Grown men in cribs with bottles and stuff! Weird if you ask me."

"Worse than pacifiers then?" Dan asked innocently.

Amy had been about to continue her tirade, but after hearing him say this, she shut her mouth quickly as her cheeks reddened. Nikki gave them a quizzical look, but didn't say anything at first.

"Touch" Amy muttered.

"What's the story there Amy? Who's got a pacifier?"

Amy and Dan exchanged a glance, nodded at the same time, grinned, then pointed at each other.

"He/She does!" They both said at the same time, and burst out laughing. Nikki couldn't help but join in, and the three of them were soon laughing uproariously.

"I'm just not gonna ask," Nikki said between fits of laughter.

Dan went to light another cigarette, but dropped the lighter. As he bent down to pick it up, he glanced under the table.

"Um. Amy, have a look at your pants baby."

Amy looked down at her jeans, and saw a dark patch. She opened her legs a bit, and discovered a pear-shaped wet spot between her legs. It wasn't very big, but it was noticeable.

"Shit!" She laughed. "I must've sprung a leak when I laughed! I didn't even feel that!"

Nikki leaned over, and Dan stood up for a better view, and Amy opened her legs wider to show them the aftermath of her unfelt leakage.

"Happens all the time you know. Some days my diaper is quite wet when I take it off, and I haven't even known that I've peed! The first time I know it's happened, is when I actually feel the wet diaper itself, but I haven't felt myself peeing. That looks like just a leak though. It happens when I laugh too hard."

Nikki tried to steer the conversation back onto its original track.

"What about you Danny? Have you ever heard about pooping your pants for fun? When you saw that stuff on the net?"

"Kinda, but not really. There were stories about pooping, but I didn't read them. I was more interested in trying to get a handle on what Amy and I were doing. I wanted to know about other people, particularly kids like us, pretending to be little kids. There were a lot of stories, but as Amy said, it was mostly grown up stuff about bottles and cribs, or hot girls in nappys. Some of that was pretty cool.

Amy reached over and slapped him around the side of the head, but not very hard. "You've got a hot girl in a nappy buster! Don't forget it!"

He rubbed his head comically, "Don't worry babe, I won't!"

Nikki was persistent with her inquiry however, and kept pushing it.

"But what's your thoughts Dan? You've obviously never tried it, but would you?"

He passed a guilty look towards Amy, not really meeting her eyes.

"To be honest? I have thought about it. When I did it when I was ten, mum only treated it like a normal accident, nothing worse. The worst part was having her wipe my bum, that was embarrassing. But wetting for fun has only been a recent thing for me. Except of course for wetting myself in my speedos or undies in the pool, but I'm not counting that, because I think everyone does that sometimes.

"But when my day accidents started again a year ago, I fucking hated it, just like Ames hates messing herself. But when mum made me practice using my kiddie pull ups before wearing them to school, I started to kinda secretly enjoy it, at least a little bit, but I would never have admitted that.

"Then I met Ames, and she taught me about pre-emptive strikes, and I liked being in control of it. Doing something so wrong, but deciding when and where to do it. But when we started wetting for fun, it didn't take long for me to admit to myself that deep down, I liked it. But after I saw her mess herself, and how much it upset her, I felt so sorry for her, and thought about how horrible it must be when it happens."

He addressed Amy personally then. "But if I've gotta be honest, after we went home that night, while I was very sad and worried about how upset you were, I actually couldn't stop thinking about what it must be like. You know, to do it. It made you so sad, and you'd already told me before just how terrible it made you feel, then I saw you do it, and I couldn't help wondering what it felt like."

Amy didn't speak, but she couldn't hide the look of surprise on her pretty face. It was like explaining to someone how much it hurt when you got burnt, only to find it made them curious enough to set fire to themselves so they could find out personally. Dan read her expression, and hurried to explain.

"You've gotta remember the circumstances baby. I had literally only just started wearing grownup diapers. Before that, it was only Goodnights. All of a sudden, I was like in awe of these super thick diapers, and was getting so excited about wearing them and experimenting with them, just so I could see what they could do. Then I saw you shit yourself, and I just couldn't help thinking in the back of my mind, 'I wonder what that felt like?' Well, I've never done it, and I didn't wanna tell you cause I know how much you hate it, but I've found myself wondering a few times what it must be like, what it feels like, that sort of thing. Then I saw how many people online liked talking about it, and the thought did sorta grow a bit."

Turning his attention back towards Nikki again, but addressing both girls, he admitted, "So yes I have thought about it. I done know if I'd ever actually do it, but the ideas there. And if you had of suggested to me two months ago that I'd be wearing adult nappys, or smoking, or wetting myself openly in front of two pretty girls, fuck it, even if you suggested that I'd ever have such a beautiful girlfriend, I wouldn't have believed you. But here I am. I'm learning to never say never you might say."

"So do you think you'll ever try it Dan?"

He glanced nervously at Amy before answering, "I'd never do it in front of anybody, but one day I might!"

*471*2016-09-13 06:56

Chapter 34:

There was an awkward silence for a few seconds, then Amy sighed, turned to Dan and said, "Well Catholic boy, all I can say, is if you do decide to try it, make sure you've got time for a long hot shower, and take a plastic bag with you to put the diaper in. It'll be smelly. But perhaps you should try it one day. After all, you've been thinking about it, and let's face it, you're not really doing anything much different than wetting. It's not like you're breaking the law or anything. Just because I don't like it doesn't mean you won't, after all, it's like you said, a hell of a lot of people talk about it online, so they're obviously seeing something in it that I'm not. Try it for yourself, then tell me about it, okay?"

Dan felt slightly embarrassed, but not too badly, and he quickly agreed that he would tell both of them what he thought about it, if in fact he ever did it.

All three of them had kept drinking, and Nikki had refilled the empty pitcher that had once had tea in it, with water from the outside tap. All the sweet drink was by now getting a bit sickly, so they all gladly turned to water for a while. Amy thought that her wet spot had grown a little bit, and she watched as Nikki re-crossed her legs again for the umpteenth time. Danny was absentmindedly squeezing himself without thinking about it apparently, so she decided it was an ideal time to unveil her next plan.

"You guys ready for my secret surprise?"

Her friends exclaimed excitedly that they were, with Dan perhaps having a bit more trepidation than Nikki did. It seemed to him that 99% of the time it was Amy that came up with the plan, and it usually involved something that shocked him. From the first day they met she had continued to shock and surprise him, and many times it had been a result of her famous 'plans.' From their first forays into wearing and wetting with each other, the smoking, drinking, playing little games, making him wear speedos, changing his diaper. Hell, even now he was wearing pink satin panties because of her. But, as usual, he found himself grinning foolishly and agreeing excitedly to listen to her plan.

Amy jumped up, the wet spot on her jeans now more obvious than before, and she plucked at it as she got up, pulling the wet denim away from her crotch. She disappeared into the house briefly, then stuck her head out the door again.

"Okay, am I right in assuming that you guys both need to pee?"

"Yep/Sure do," came the replies.

"Well close your eyes for a minute. I've got a surprise for you!"

Nikki and Dan did as they were asked, and heard the patio door slide shut, then a rattle and a thump as Amy apparently put something on the table, and sat back down again.

"Okay guys! Open your eyes! Whaddya think? Who's up for a game?"

Sitting in the middle of the table was a box, containing the age-old game, Twister.

Nikki squeaked with delight, and Dan felt himself grinning like an idiot. For a change, he was actually tickled pink by one of Amys infamous plans. Twister would be a terrific game to play with a bursting bladder, and he and Nikki told her so with great enthusiasm.

Amy beamed with delight, happy that her friends thought that her idea was a good one. It had come to her during the week while doing her homework, and she related the story for them.

She'd had to make a poster about global warming for science class, and had been sitting on her bedroom floor, leaning her back against her bed, with her legs spread wide, and the poster between them. She had all her arts and crafts stuff spread around her, and it was one of the rare occasions that she wasn't diapered. She'd had a shower, and put her footie pyjamas on, but had been out of tape up diapers. They ordered them by the case online, and there was a big box of them in the spare room, but before she went to replenish her supply, she had decided to add the glue and glitter to her poster, and give it some time to dry.

So she had sat down, opened her legs, and dragged the large poster towards her, where she happily lost herself for a while spreading glue and glitter over it, experiencing the same sort of child like thrill she used to get during art classes when she was younger. It seemed the older you got at school, the less time you spent doing fun stuff like making posters.

Anyway, she had peed in the shower only twenty minutes beforehand, so sitting around without a diaper on shouldn't have involved any risks. But as she bent forward sharply at the waist, leaning over her poster to reach her colouring pencils, the sudden pressure on her bladder, combined with her wide open outstretched legs, caused a sudden squirting sensation, followed by a spreading feeling of warmth. She had stared at her crotch in horror, as she saw it darken, and a puddle briefly forming on the carpet between her legs, before being slowly absorbed.

"Oh fuck," she muttered, aware that she was now at least halfway through wetting herself, but with the poster between her legs, and open pots of glue and glitter laying around, she hadn't been able to simply swing her legs closed to stem the flow. Instead, she had been forced to rely on her rather dubious muscle control to eventually stop herself from peeing.

By the time she did stop, she had a very wet bum, and there was a big wet patch on her carpet. She knew her mother would have a fit about that, as Amy really should have been wearing a diaper. It was only due to her own laziness that she hadn't fetched one earlier. The house they lived in was rented, so they were liable for any damage or stains to the carpets, and she knew that it would have to be cleaned properly and immediately before it stained, and unfortunately that was beyond her area of expertise.

Not wasting any time, and knowing she was in trouble, she ended up doing the walk of shame in her wet pyjamas to find her mother, and admit to her that she had peed all over the floor.

Needless to say, Sonia was less than impressed, and after a bit of yelling and a few tears from her daughter, she had managed to clean the carpet without leaving a stain. But Amy got a good old fashioned lecture afterwards, the sort she hadn't had in years.

It was later that night, after she was freshly showered again, this time in a big thick diaper, and clean pyjamas, that she thought back over what had happened. She hadn't even been aware that she had needed to go, but having her legs stretched wide apart, and bending from the waist had forced the pee out of her.

"I'd be hopeless at playing Twister." The thought had randomly popped into her head, causing a light bulb moment to happen. She had never played Twister, but she knew that they possessed the game somewhere, probably in the spare room. Where it had originally came from, she had no idea, but she was soon searching the closet in that room, eventually finding it sitting on a shelf. She pulled the dusty box down and read the instructions, looking at the pictures of people tying themselves up in knots as they played. She imagined trying to do that while busting for a piss, and smiled wickedly at the thought. She had just found a new game for Danny and her to play, she had decided.

But now, days later, Nikki was there as well, and Twister seemed oh so perfect. After all, three leaky people bending and stretching around over a washable plastic sheet held all sorts of possibilities, didn't it? Her friends agreed that the idea was nothing short of genius.

"Where are we gonna play?" Nikki asked eagerly.

"I thought we might set it up in the dining room, cause there's tiles on the floor and it'll be easier to clean up any mess." Amy said. "I was gonna suggest we play out here at first, but it's too bloody cold, and that wind will blow the plastic sheet away."

Before they went inside, Amy was diligent about having a quick clean up. Their parents weren't due back for hours, but you could never rely on grownups to do exactly as they said. Dan put the ashtray back on the barbecue, Amy threw out the empty drink bottles, and Nikki took her panties off the line. The strong breeze had already almost completely dried them, and they were only slightly damp to touch in a couple of places. Amazingly, they had dried without leaving any stain behind, and Nikki was a bit disappointed in that.

"I'll wear them again later, probably after I wet these ones," she remarked.

It only took a minute to set up the game, and Amy went first, putting her right foot on a blue dot on the right hand side. Nikki went next, left foot on blue, so she stood in the opposite direction, facing Amy, with her foot one dot in front of her friends. Dan went next, left foot yellow, so he stood behind Amy, simply so he could get a good look at her backside when she eventually bent over. He loved looking at Amys bum.

The game continued, and Nikki, facing her friends, was the first one who had to stretch her legs apart. Her right foot needed a red dot, so she stood with her legs spread wide, and put both her hands between her legs and held on, complaining and giggling all the while. Amys luck was in, her left foot went to green, which was right beside her right foot, so she was able to stand straight up without too much trouble. Dans left hand went to yellow, bending him over, and putting his face nicely on the same level as Amys backside, only inches away. He could smell her talc, diaper cream, and body spray, all the smells he loved about her.

It didn't take long for things to get difficult, particularly for Nikki. Dan and Amy managed to cover up the dots directly in front of her, so when her left hand needed green, she was forced to bend over sharply, and put her hand on a dot behind the one her left foot was on, leaving only one hand to keep the pressure on her pee hole.

Dan had all the luck. Not only did all his moves compliment the last ones, giving him an easy game, but he got to watch Amys backside from only inches away, as she stretched and twisted, causing the faded denim to pull tightly across her buttocks. He also had a perfect front on view of Nikki, legs spread wide, an expression of discomfort and strain spread across her face, as she battled to maintain her balance, and hold onto her pee at the same time.

Of course Dan also kept stealing glances at Amys socked feet. He loved her feet almost as much as he loved her bum, and he was staring lovingly at her left foot, when he heard her gasp, and watched her toes curling tightly. Then, inches away from his face, he watched in wonder as a dark blue wet stripe appeared on the inside of her right thigh. She had been forced to spread her legs wide on her last turn, and the pressure was obviously too much for her, and she was leaking.

He wasn't the only one watching either. Amy herself was watching the wet strip as it widened out, and slowly made its way towards her knee, as a trickle of pee ran down her leg, restricted by the tight denim, and Nikki, standing directly in front of Amy and facing her, had her own eyes glued to the ever increasing wet patch.

They had agreed at the start of the game that there would be a twist to the usual rules. Not only were you eliminated if you fell over, but also if you wet yourself.

Nikki was obviously struggling desperately. Her free hand was clamped tightly on the crotch of her pink jeans, and her breath was coming in short gasps. Her legs were spread wide, and her knees were bent, allowing her to squat, and put her left hand behind her left foot.

"You're out! You peed yourself!" She cried triumphantly.

Amy was laughing at the ridiculousness of the situation. She had pee running down her leg, and her friend was crouched in front of her like an NFL centre about to snap the ball, but holding her pussy desperately instead, and wobbling backwards and forwards as she struggled to maintain her balance.

"Well if I'm out, you're out too!" Amy yelled, giving Nikki a slight shove as she rocked backwards.

Nikki looked stunned as gravity took over. Just as Amy had predicted, Nikkis backwards swaying momentum took over, and she toppled backwards, landing flat on her backside, with her legs stretched out straight in a Y shape in front of her. She had to let go of the death grip she had on her pee hole, and use her hands to soften her fall, stopping herself from falling over completely backwards.

Her bum hit the ground with a thump, and suddenly a dark pink rose blossomed between her legs. She was too shocked to move, and she sat there stunned, as her bladder started emptying its massive payload, and her jeans turned dark from halfway up her zipper, across the top of her thighs, and all the way between her legs, including the rounded cheeks of her buttocks. She made no effort to shut her legs or grab herself, but screamed in mock horror as she watched her pants getting wetter and wetter, and a puddle starting to form around her on the plastic sheet.

"Oh Amy! You bitch! That's cheating!" Nikki screamed, suddenly lunging for Amys legs. Amy nearly got away, but Nikki grabbed her foot and lifted, and Amy sprawled forward, landing on her stomach with a 'whoof' sound.

She rolled onto her back, but Nikki was too quick. She sprang forward, and landed heavily on Amys stomach, straddling her with her legs, her soaked crotch now planted on Amys waistband.

Amy squealed, first with surprise, then with laughter, as Nikki started jabbing her in the ribs. Hard. She tried to wriggle away, but the smaller girl wasn't going to be dislodged that easily, and continued her attack, poking and jabbing at any exposed area that she could find.

Dan stood back, completely stunned. For half a second he had thought that they were actually fighting for real, but when he heard them giggling like lunatics, he relaxed, knowing that they were simply playing.

Amy managed to grab Nikkis wrists, and just as it appeared that the tide was about to turn, she yelled "Oh fuck! Noooo"

By this stage he had moved out of the way of their wrestling match, and was standing at Amys feet, with a lovely view of Nikkis half moon shaped wet spots, which were perched on Amys waist. As he watched, Amys jeans did a perfect imitation of Nikkis, only in blue instead of pink. She was wetting herself as well now, and it appeared that she was holding just as much as what Nikki had been.

Mission accomplished, Nikki clambered off her friend, and watched in vengeful pleasure as Amy soaked her own jeans, her puddle growing even larger than Nikkis had done.

Eventually she stopped peeing, but it took longer for her to stop laughing. Nikki was standing over her, partly because she was still dripping, and wanted to contain it to the plastic sheet. Amy was still laughing, and gratefully accepted Nikkis offered hand, and allowed herself to be helped to her feet. She found a dry patch to stand where her socks wouldn't get wet, but Nikki hadn't been so lucky, and her bare feet were in a puddle. Whether it was her own puddle or Amys she wasn't sure, but it didn't matter, it was still funny anyway.

"Guess I deserved that!" Amy admitted with a grin. "Sorry I pushed you, but I couldn't help it, and you gotta admit, it was fuckin' funny!"

Nikki agreed, and the two girls in their saturated jeans hugged each other to show there was no hard feelings, but they were both still dripping.

"Danny," Amy asked, "Would you be a dear and fetch some towels from the laundry please? There should be some dirty ones waiting to be washed in the basket beside the machine."

Glad of the excuse to leave, with his bulging hard on making a tent out of his jeans, he happily agreed, and hurried past the dripping girls, missing the knowing look that had passed between them. Fetching four damp towels, he gave one each to the girls, and dropped another one onto each puddle, and using his foot, he started to push the towels around, soaking up the pee as best he could.

If he hadn't been so flustered, he probably would have paid more attention to the sly looks his friends were exchanging behind his back. Without turning around, he said with mock pride, "Well I guess that makes me the reigning Twister champion! Do I get a prize or something?"

"You'll get something all right, Catholic boy!" Amy said.

Something in her voice made him start to turn, but the next thing he heard was Amy yelling "Now!"

She hit him low, behind the knees, sending him sprawling forward onto the plastic mat. He felt Nikkis weight landing on top of him, and the wetness of her inner thighs clamping his arms against his body, making him immobile. Before he could react, Amy had grabbed his right foot, and was tickling it ferociously. He squealed like a girl, and Nikki clamped a strong hand around the back of his neck, and started squeezing it, on and off, over and over again. Meanwhile, her other hand had wiggled its way under his armpit, and was wriggling itself forcefully up and down,

He was completely helpless, Nikkis weight keeping him pinned, and he could do nothing more than continue to emit high pitched girlie type screams, as his neck, ribs, armpit, and feet were all attacked mercilessly. He screamed, squealed, bucked and wiggled.

Then he wet his pants.

There was no slow build up, no warning dribble, no early leakage. He couldn't control himself at all, and his bladder let go in one ferocious rush, and as he lay on the plastic mat giggling and twisting, he felt a sudden heaviness in his pants, then a quickly spreading warmth.

Once the girls realised that their plan had worked, they stepped away, letting him at last roll over onto his back, pee continuing to flow freely, now running down between the crack in his backside. He had no choice but to lay there, and wait until his bladder had completely emptied itself.

Finally it did, and he lay flat on his back, utterly spent, staring up at the two grinning girls in wet jeans who were looming over him.

*474*2016-09-15 04:30

Chapter 35:

The three of them were drenched, and laughing their heads off. After they had calmed down, Amy formulated a plan.

"Do you guys want a shower, or are you happy enough to have a wipe down with a wet towel?"

They all agreed a towel would suffice, so Amy fetched them all one each.

"Nikki, you go first. Take your towel and a change of clothes into the bathroom, and clean up. Do you want a nappy now?"

"Yes please Ames!" Nikki replied with real eagerness, so Amy wiped the loose drops off her pants so that she wouldn't make a mess, then fetched her a big tape on diaper from the box in the spare room.

"You haven't tried these ones yet. They're even better than the pull ups! You can really fill these ones up, and they hardly ever leak. It's what me and Danny wear to bed," she explained.

She took a moment to explain the best way to do the tapes up, then sent her on her way with further instructions.

"Go get changed, then bring the towel and your wet stuff out, and put it in the machine. Don't forget the panties you wore earlier. We've got time to do a quick wash, and get the stuff dry in the dryer before mum gets home!"

"Sure thing Ames, 'cept I won't wash my other knickers. I need to start staining up a new pair of pee panties since mum washed mine this morning!"

The girls grinned at each other before Nikki walked off, the huge wet spot on the backside of her pink jeans was highly visible. Then Amy turned to Dan.

"Danny boy. Can you use that towel to give the Twister sheet a good wipe down please? I'm gonna clean it with some Spray 'n Wipe before we put it away.

Dan did as she asked, wiping away all traces of moisture as best he could. He threw those towels into the machine as well, then helped Amy wipe the sheet with the spray cleaner, then fold it neatly back into its box.

"Do you mind wiping the outside table down for me?" Amy asked, "It's got cigarette ash all over it. While you're doing that, I really wanna go change."

Dan tidied up outside, even using a broom to sweep some errant ash from under the chairs and table, and using the Spray 'n Wipe to clean the surface. When he'd finished, he found the girls wiping the tiles inside with a towel. Nikki was now dressed in a pair of skin tight white cotton jeans, that showed off the diaper bulge around her backside, if you looked closely enough that is. Amy was dressed in basic black jeans that didn't show much at all.

Giving a shrug of her shoulders, she explained to her friends, "I don't have s lot of really colourful stuff. Most of my clothes are dark and baggy, cause I don't usually want my diaper to stick out too much."

It was only then that Dan realised something. When he had first met Amy, he had thought of her as a semi-goth goddess. Her hair was always punkishly streaked, she had her multiple piercings, and her clothes were generally black or dark denim, and she had worn a lot of mascara and eye liner. But nowadays, while she still wore her piercings, he realised that he hadn't seen her wear her heavy eye makeup or streaks in her hair for weeks. She was also wearing a lot of more flattering colours and prettier clothes. She certainly didn't look like the same grunge girl that she had a month ago. He wondered if their blossoming relationship played any part in that.

While the girls cleaned the floor, he took his towel into the bathroom, wet it under the tap, and thoroughly cleaned his legs and private areas with it, before putting on a tape up diaper of his own, then his brown cords, and returning to the laundry, where he found Amy waiting. He knew from past experience that she had no problems with handling his pissy clothes, so he simply handed them to her, along with his towel. She seperated the bundle of wet clothes, and neatly placed them in the machine, then paused, looking over his shoulder to ensure that Nikki was out of earshot. A look of confusion had crossed her face.

She spoke to him in a lowered voice, "What about the panties you were wearing Danny? You must've left them behind when you got changed. You better fetch them."

He grinned at her. "Nope. I didn't forget them! I'm still wearing them!"

She looked confused. "You can't be! They're saturated! Your pants are gonna get all wet."

"No they're not baby. I put my nappy on over them! I left 'em on, that's all!"

He laughed at the bewildered expression on her face, which he bent down to lovingly kiss, then left her standing there with a look of shock and amusement across her features.

A big part of the reasons why Danny and Amy got away with their games without getting caught, was Amys meticulous attention to detail. She even took the time to pick out the extra cigarette butts out of the tin, but left her mothers butts inside. Her mum would notice if the butt tin was filling up, but could also possibly wonder why it was empty, so Amy tried to keep it as close as possible to what it usually had in it. She fetched another empty can from the trash to use as an ash tray, threw the extra butts into it, and would dispose of it in the parks rubbish bin later.

Finally satisfied that they had cleaned up their first bout of naughtiness properly, Amy made them a cup of tea, and they retired outside to drink it, and have another smoke. They were still at the stage where they weren't quite addicted to smoking, and could go all week being reasonably comfortable without one, but given the privacy of having no grownups around for a few hours allowed them free reign to smoke as much as they liked. But at the same time, all three of them admitted that not smoking much, if at all, during the week was getting harder, and they were starting to develop cravings that they hadn't been having before. It wasn't the first time that they agreed that they really should stop. Maybe they would, after this packet....

They drank tea, smoked, and chatted merrily away about their game of Twister and its aftermath. By now, the trio had virtually no embarrassment whatsoever about wetting their pants in front of each other. It was a bond they now shared, a strange one, but a strong one. They agreed that if you could piss your pants comfortably in front of other people, then those people must be good friends.

Dans mind kept being drawn towards the strange feeling he had inside his pants. His satin panties were completely soaked, and clung tightly to him, and he was aware of the wetness every time he moved. But it was safely contained inside his nappy, and stayed warm and comfortable, and it was kind of tantalising how warm and wet he felt, and yet how dry and comfortable his big diaper was, and it was great that his jeans were staying dry. He had commented to Nikki about how her tight white jeans didn't hide her diapers bulge very well, but she just shrugged, saying she didn't really care, and the sensation of her first super thick tape on adult diaper was incredible.

Amy had set the washing machine for a quick cycle, and after thirty minutes, she loaded the stuff into the dryer. With that done, she returned to her friends.

"So, what's next guys? Your mums not due for a few hours yet Nik, so we've got heaps of time still. What do you two want to do next?"

"Get something to eat!" Dan replied eagerly. "I'm starving!"

"Fuck me," replied Amy, you're always starving! Have you got hollow legs or something?"

"I'm a growing boy babes. Need to eat to keep up with your crazy plans!"

"Well I've got an idea," Nikki ventured. "Remember at Adventure World I wet myself in that pull up as we were going in?" Her friends nodded in agreement, looking more interested all of a sudden. "Well," Nikki continued, "If Danny's hungry, and we're all wearing these big didees that you guys reckon are so great, why don't we all go for a walk to the shop, and all wet ourselves while we're there? I think it'd be kinda cool watching each other using our diapers in a busy shop with other people around who don't know what we're up to! Whaddya think?"

Amy and Dan looked at each other, but she appeared more accepting of the idea than he did, at least judging by facial expressions.

"Doesn't bother me Nik! Sounds like fun actually. It's nothing I haven't done like a billion times before of course, but I've never obviously done it while my friends did too. Should be funny watching each other secretly wetting in public. I'm in!"

Dan was more reticent however. "Yeah. Maybe. If you guys really want to that is." He sounded quite unsure of the whole idea in fact.

"You don't sound happy Catholic boy! What's up? Sounds like fun to me."

He heaved a sigh, shifted in his seat, making him suddenly aware again of the wet panties he was secretly wearing. He'd almost forgotten about them, but the warm slippery fabric sliding across his crotch soon reminded him again.

"It's just, I guess I'm still a bit scared of leaks, that's all. I'd hate to leak in these brown pants. It'd be seen from miles away."

"These big Molicares don't leak Danny, you wear 'em to bed every night, remember?"

"That's bullshit Ames, you know it is. They rarely leak, but they can. I know it's not likely, but if they do, I'm screwed. But I'm willing to risk it though, it does sound like fun, I'll admit that. Another glass of water each before we go?"

Amy looked at Nikki, who was now looking a bit worried herself. "Don't worry mate, I hate to admit it, but he is kinda right. But Danny here can get paranoid. The first night I got him into a proper adult pull up, I promised him they didn't leak, but he had an accident while he was sitting down, and it leaked. He's been paranoid ever since! But standing up is way better, cos of the leak guards. Even the pull ups don't leak if your diapers on properly, the leg guards are tight, and you're standing up. These tape ups are even better! As long as it's done up properly, they're indestructible!"

"That's what you said before, that's why I suggested going to the shop, cause I thought they were. But I'm in the same boat as Dan here. If they do leak, these white pants are gonna make it super visible. I've never put one of these on before Ames, would you mind double checking it before we go? Just to make sure I've done it up right?"

"Sure Nik. No probs. let me just finish this smoke, and I'll come in and....."

She trailed off, as she hadn't expected Nikki to do what she did next. As soon as Amy had said 'Sure,' Nikki had stood up, unbuttoned her jeans and dropped them. She kicked her feet out of them, lifted her top up above the waistband of her nappy, and walked over to Amys chair, surprising her, and causing Dans mouth to open in shock.

Amy recovered quickly, and ran a critical eye over her friends diaper. She stuck the pointer finger of each hand under the leg guards on each of Nikkis hips, and ran them forward, the tips of each finger feeling the slightest brush of pubic hair as they ran around the front. Nikki turned around, and Amy repeated the procedure, this time allowing her fingers to run along Nikkis butt cheeks, as her hands ran down. She deduced that the lower tapes should be tighter, so while her friend stood with her legs slightly ajar, Amy undid then refastened her bottom tapes.

"Thanks Ames!" Nikki bubbled happily, before padding back to her seat and pulling her jeans back on.

"No probs," Amy said again, "Better than having you spring a leak, that's for sure!"

Dan was amazed. His girlfriend was so nonchalant about what had just happened, but it had been probably one of the hottest things he had ever seen. His girlfriend, who just happened to be one of the prettiest girls in the whole world, as far as he was concerned at least, had just checked the diaper on another pretty girl, who had to totally remove her pants to have it done! Incredible! It was no wonder his cock had gone so stiff again. Once more, he thought how grateful he was for having the foresight to masturbate before coming here this morning. He would've probably shot a load into his satin panties otherwise.

&&

