Let it out in the hideout

Author: Ryo

*000*2011-08-28 19:06

Hi everyone!

As requested, I made a fanfiction about Nene Amano from Digimon Xros wars. I like her original outfit more, so she wears coat and cowboy-boots.

Hope you like it and my english is not top bad ;-) I'm German, so maybe some things are different from the english grammer. Sorry!

Okay, enough about that, here's what you are waiting for:

Let it out in the hideout

“Lady Nene!” One of the Monitormon suddenly appeared behind the brunette. “What is it?”, she asked unfriendly, because she just wanted to take a leak. “Xros hearts are coming this way!”, her Digi-partner answered.

Well, that was a point. The last thing, Nene wanted, was to seen by Zenjirou with her panties down. “Okay guys, no problem. You'll hide somewhere and I...” She looked around and finally discovered a big tree. “...will go up there!” From there she could see what the other team does, without being seen. Quickly she grabbed the first branch and pulled her body into higher regions.

She found a very big branch, where she could lean on with her stomach. Maybe five meters to the ground –the ideal position! But now she noticed a bit pressure in her bladder. Hasty she strained her hand against the spot and a few seconds later she had the control back without anything happened. 'Hope they will hurry', she thought by herself.

But Taiki and his friends had other plans. On Akaris request they decided to rest nearby the tree, the spy was laying on. Under these circumstances Nene was able to listen to their discussions. To her misfortune, Akari complained about Taiki, who recently jumped into a lake: “Remember, when your clothes were completely soaked? And we had do dry them by the campfire? Don't do that again!”

In her hideout, the ninja-girl felt more and more uncomfortable. “Please Don't talk about water”, she whispered. Once again she felt her panties behind her short dress. Nothing happened until now and the brunette wished that she could hold it, until the three others had disappeared. Would be a little bit embarrassing, to admit her intentions.

A few moments later, Taiki stood up and came over to the tree. At this time Nene got really nervous. She felt cold sweat running down her back. Did the goggleboy divined something? With big eyes the girl watched him walking to her hideout and stopping exactly under her! But Taikis intentions where kinda different.

With a huge grin on his face, he pulled down the zipper of his shorts, grabbed his underwear and... Nene closed her eyes. She never wanted to see THAT! Especially not in this situation. But she couldn't close her ears too, so she heard, when the urine came out of Taikis bladder and purled against the tree!

'Think of a desert. Think of something completely dry!' Several times she told herself the plan. Despite the sound of Taikis activity, in some way she mastered to hold on, until he finished. At the same time, both teenagers breathed a sign of relief. The boy closed the zip and went back to his friends. “Okay, let's move on.” Nene wished, they would do that immediately. But Zenjirou had other plans.

Like his mate before him, he used Nenes tree to relief himself. And he even pulled down his pants, to do as intended. The brunette in the branches turned her sight into the clouds, when the boy below her enjoyed to pee on the roots.

Sweat begun to generate on her face. Why could these guy not wait longer? Nene hoped, he would quickly finished. The pressure in her bladder increased from minute to minute. And the only thing she could do, was to press her teeth together and push her hand through the coat. Silently she cursed Zenjirou and Taiki for bothering her.

She finally managed to hold it long enough. The boy had gone back to the group and Nene was thinking of the possibility to get down from the tree and apologize to the boys. Would be kinda embarrassing, but to pee her panties was even ore embarrassing. The chance to hold it became lesser more and more. But just at the moment, she decided to show herself, Akari arrived on the spot!

“Please, don't do that!” Nene whispered unheard. Cause during the same time, the redhead shouted to her boys, if they would look, they will be execute instantly! Than she opened the button of her flap trousers and put it down to her trainers. Nene don' wanted to look, but when the other girl pulled down her slip, she was magnetized by the scenario.

When Akari let the urine flow to the grass, Nenes panic grew. The pressure in her bladder reaches a new top. Her faced cramped and sweat-drops began to run over her cheeks. “No,no, no, no, no!” She muttered to the sky. “This mustn't happen! There must be a way, to stop the urine-flow! But even if she crossed her legs, the feeling won't go away. Could she tell Akari, that she watched her peeing? No way! So the last help was, that she grabbed her coat pocket and depressed it against her lap.

“Phew, finished!” Akari put her pants back on and the brunette breathed a sign of relief.

At this moment, Nene felt a little warm spot on her hand! “Please not.” She burly closed her eyes, got her left hand out of the pocket and tried to keep the urine back with her bare hand. With a disgusting look on her face, she recognized, that a few drops soaked her purple panties. But luckily that was all for now.

'If Akari has finished, they will leave.' Nene was sure about that, so she just needed to hold it one or two minutes. Than nothing but down from this tree and do it the same way, the redhead did moments ago. But as before, there was a catch in it!

Obviously Shoutmon wanted to prove, that Digimon needed to relief themselves too! And as the humans before him did, the Digimon chose Nenes hideout to do so! That was to much for the brunette! Embarrassing or not, she wanted to pee right now! With the left hand still holding as much as possible, she used the other hand to get back in vertical position.

Big mistake! Due to the fact, that she needed her energy to stand up, there was not enough, to seal her bladder. The brunette ripped off her eyes and began to realize what happened.

She couldn't hold it any longer, so the urine came out and soaked the bottom of her panties. Then flowed through her fingers and ran down her legs. With a goosebumps Nene felt the warm liquor on the inside of her calves. And when it comes that way, her legs still pressed together, there was only one place to get caught up: her suede cowboy-boots!

Even, when Shoutmon has finished, Nenes bladder still released itself. But at least the group around Taiki moved away, when the girl finally stopped peeing her pants. With a completely red face she look on her hand and grimaced. She wasn't a diva but that was so unlike her and so... disgusting! With tears in her eyes she swore, she would never tell anyone!

But first she had to go down from that tree. Hastily she climbed down and jump on the ground. Her waterproofed boots were completely soaked inside and the puddle of urine was swashing in them. But the major dilemma were her panties.

Nene grabbed her wet piece of underwear and pulled it down, over her boots and hold it with to fingers in the air. Some drops felt to the ground, so the girl had made a decision. With a single throw, she fired the panties in the bushes! No one of the boys would see that part of her anyway. With a deep sigh she faced the last part of the challenge: emptying her boots. She grabbed the right at the heel and slowly put it of. Her feet glared due to the liquor, but Nene didn't care about that. She overturned the white boot and watched a flood of urine coming out it. At the next river, she would do it like Taiki and jump in fully clothed!

“What happened?” The brunette scared and quickly turned around. Did anyone of the guys watched her?

Not directly. But Kiriha now stood in front of her and watched at her interrogative. With a dark look on her face she fixed him. “Don't ask! … EVER!”

Hope you liked it!

Greetings

Flo

