Cassie and David: The Sleepover

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-12-30 14:14

That night, David slept over at Cassie’s house. They laid out their sleeping bags, in opposite directions, on the floor of her room, while Katy slept in the guest room. Cassie was wearing a pink nightgown. David noticed that Cassie was downing another glass of water, and realized it was her 6th or 7th of the evening. They said their goodnights and rolled over to go to sleep. Several hours later, David awoke with a start. At first he was unsure what had awakened him. He soon became aware of soft noises in the room. He looked over at Cassie. He heard her mumbling softly in her sleep.

"Zzzzpeezzz." David watched as Cassie rolled around in her sleep. As she moved around in her sleep, her nightgown was riding up her legs. Eventually, she rolled onto her back, causing her legs to flop out to either side. David blushed as her was treated to a full and clear view of Cassie’s panties. They were pink with a picture of Barbie on the front. She lay there unmoving, then started mumbling in her sleep once again. "Zzzzbutzzzhavezzzgozzz" David heard a hissing sound, and lay transfixed as a strong stream of pee suddenly jetted through Cassie’s panties. The pink fabric darkening in the crotch and a large puddle forming underneath her. She peed and peed. When the pee finally stopped, David reached over and gently shook Cassie’s shoulder.

"ZzzumahemWhat?" she said sleepily. "You peed yourself," said David. Cassie suddenly sat up and looked down at herself. "Oh No! Oh No! I peed on my sleeping bag!"

"Don’t worry. Go clean yourself up, and I’ll help you with the sleeping bag," said David. Katy walked in, rubbing her eyes, to find out what all the commotion was about. She started laughing when Cassie told her what happened.

"C’mon let’s get you cleaned up!" she said.

While Kay helped Cassie change into pajamas, David rolled up Cassie’s sleeping bag, and later helped Katy put it in the washing machine. Cassie slept in her bed for the rest of the night.

