Jessica's Worst Haul - Truck Simulator Fanfiction

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2016-02-05 23:50

That's right, Truck Simulator fanfiction. This is what we've come to. The vast majority of people are neither obsessed or perverted enough to combine simulation gaming and pee – I am not one of those people. After I started playing American Truck Sim when it came out a few days ago, much like everything else I play or watch, it didn't take me very long at all to start thinking about piss. This is the shortest, simplest story I've ever written, but I hope you enjoy it nonetheless.

This is Jessica:

Unlike most girls, she had been interested in trucks from a very young age. The idea that something with enough power to pull entire houses could possibly exist in this world was absolutely fascinating to her. In her elementary school library, while the other girls were fawning over books featuring puppies and horses, she buried herself in material such as Tonka: Big Book of Trucks. By middle school, she had advanced to actual truck manuals and books on state laws and guidelines for truckers. In high school, she already had two fast food jobs to save for her own truck one day. In college, her dream was on the verge of coming true when she found work as a local Post Office driver. Two years ago, at the age of twenty-four, she purchased her truck – A Peterbilt 579 with sleeper cabin. After three months of training, she finally began to receive offers as a freelance driver. Today, at the age of twenty-six, she was a confident trucker with countless successful deliveries under her belt.

The job was certainly a boy's club, she had never even met another female driver personally. Her feminine appearance and demeanor made her particularly unusual, and while it was a lot of work, she had proven herself to the men who worked with her. She had adapted for the job, and she felt herself equal to any other trucker. In the beginning, her only real issue was what to do if she found herself in need of a toilet while on a delivery. She operated throughout California and Nevada, both of which featured many long spans of empty road with nowhere to stop. The logical thing would be simply to pull over and pee beside the truck, but the paranoia of a motorist or, much worse, a police officer seeing what she was doing stopped this train of thought in its tracks even though the chances of getting passed during a single stopped minute in the middle of nowhere was very slight.

After a lot of bladder stress and damp panties, she had to figure out a way to find relief in her truck cab. Due to obvious biological reasons, she couldn't use a piss jug like a man could. However, after some research, she discovered female urinary devices and fell in love with them instantly. After she purchased a GoGirl, she thought she would be safe, until she learned rather wetly how difficult it was to lower jeans past her vagina while on the road. One pair of soaked jeans and a crushed piss jug later, she finally figured it all out. A soft cloth skirt, stretchy polyester panties that were easy to pull aside, plus her GoGirl was the combination she had always needed. This setup allowed her to easily complete deliveries across the states, and everything was great.

Until the fateful day came when she set off from her home dispatch in Reno, Nevada to Eureka, Nevada, pulling a trailer full of car parts. A short haul in comparison to so many others, through nearly pure desert. Her gas tank was full and her cooler was loaded with her favorites. A combination of teas and juices, and of course, iced coffees. Her reliable piss jug was resting empty on the passenger seat, and everything was set for a peaceful, uneventful haul.

Little did Jessica know that her GoGirl was still laying, freshly-cleaned, in the sink in her office bathroom back in Reno. She drove on worry-free, stopping for food and a more comfortable pee in Fallon. After a long time on the road, she slowly helped herself to her stash of drinks. Two bottles of tea, an iced coffee, and a bottle of water later, she felt the pressure in her bladder a few minutes after she passed through Austin, the very last sign of civilization until her destination in Eureka. Damn, she thought. I should have peed in Austin, I could have made the whole trip without the jug. I don't usually get that luxury, but I didn't even feel it yet. Stupid bladder turned on all at once. She pressed her thighs together, glancing to her piss jug before she sighed and shook her head. Not yet. If I do it now, I might have to go again before Eureka and I'd like to avoid the trouble. Besides, the GoGirl works better when it's a strong stream.

And so Jessica drove on alone, taking in the flatlands around her and the rocky plateaus in the distance. With each mile that passed, she felt the need to pee more and more. Once her hips began to rock involuntarily, she decided it was time for relief. She slowly pressed on the brakes, pulling her rig to the side of the road. She reached for her large purse and unzipped it, digging around for the GoGirl. It took all of ten seconds for her to realize what she had done. Shit. No. No no no. I can't believe this, it's still in the fucking sink. Jessica violently shut her purse, crossing her legs tightly. Oh Jesus, what am I going to do? Her sudden realization of her inability to pee made the pressure three times worse in the span of a minute.

She lifted up her skirt and pressed her left hand against herself tightly and took a deep breath. It's alright. I'll be fine. I have a pad in my purse, I'll use that. Oh who am I kidding, that won't hold anywhere near enough and letting a little bit out would probably just make it worse. I remember that there's a huge patch of brush up ahead just a little past Belmont Road. I'll pull over there and go into the brush to pee. Even if someone passes, they won't see me. Just pretend that snakes aren't real for a minute. Fuckin' danger noodles... It was at that moment that Jessica had a vivid thought of a snake latching itself onto her rear end as she popped a squat. She shuddered. I don't have to squat, I can just pull my panties aside and pee standing. Besides, it's getting dark. It's really cold at night, snakes hate cold, they'll all be in their, uhm, snake homes.

Jessica put the truck back into gear and accelerated onward, keeping her left hand in her crotch and her right on the wheel. Good thing this is a straight line, I don't even have to steer so at least I can hold myself. As the minutes ticked by, she squirmed harder and faster and her thighs rubbed together as she tried to jiggle her legs while keeping an even pressure on the gas. She flipped on cruise control and twisted her legs together, inhaling sharply and squeezing all her bits as tightly as she could. I can't believe I got so desperate so fast. It's only been half an hour since Austin. All that caffeine in the tea and coffee... The seatbelt pressed on her rock-hard bladder, now the shape of a small cantaloupe, and each time she shifted it irritated the sensitive area. She would have removed the seatbelt if not for the unbearable “WHAONK WHAONK WHAONK” the truck made when she wasn't buckled in properly.

Ten minutes later and Jessica nearly squealed in happiness as she spotted Belmont Road spanning off to her right. And just past it, the large patch of tall bushes and dry trees that she had been so desperately waiting for. With her impending relief at the forefront of her mind, she didn't even notice it. Her worst nightmare, slowly advancing towards the Lincoln highway from Belmont. A police cruiser, a simple highway patrol, ready to take the night shift on the Lincoln. She spotted it just as she passed it and it pulled onto the road behind her, and she was too stunned to even cry about it. Why is the universe trying to kill me, she thought, astounded at the pure audacity of reality itself that it would do such a thing to her.

She eyed the cruiser in her mirror as her bladder throbbed and begged for release. I can't stop now. If I do, he'll stop to see if something's wrong. If I could use my jug, I could just hide it under the seat and fake like I was checking my GPS. A spurt of pee suddenly forced its way out of her, dampening the crotch of her loose panties. She gasped and squeezed her legs like a vise, cursing as another few drops leaked out of her. She had to split her focus between holding her leaking pee and driving straight. If the cop pulled her over thinking she was a drunk, she would absolutely wet herself in front of him. A minute later, a longer spray of pee shot out of her tortured hole and began to soak into the back of her skirt. It's happening. I have to do something.

With her left hand, she focused on keeping her truck driving straight. All she had to do was keep her hand still and the truck would handle the rest itself. With her right hand, she tore open her purse and removed her folding knife, a Ka-Bar Kharon. She really liked the color, and while it might be a bit excessive, she didn't want to play around if she was in a burning truck with a stuck belt. She made sure the wheel was straight, and quickly reached her left hand down and pulled the crotch of her panties out, cutting through it with the knife.

She couldn't drive and hold the panties aside at the same time, nor could she maneuver herself enough to remove them completely. She folded the knife and tossed it back into her purse, then grabbed the jug and shoved it between her legs. She felt around her leaking womanhood with the rim of the jug, trying to position it where she was pretty sure she peed from. What I would do for a dick right now, she screamed internally. Finally she squeezed it in place with her thighs, hoping against hope that she had it in the right place.

She didn't. As soon as she relaxed her strained kegels, her flow deflected off the rim of the jug and sprayed up hard over her skirt and the lower half of her shirt. She cursed louder than her truck horn could sound, trying desperately to find the right place for the jug. She had no chance of stopping her pee now, her bladder was far too full and her muscles were too weak. After she had wet her entire skirt, seat, and somehow the steering wheel, she just gave up.

She tossed the empty piss jug onto the floor of the passenger seat and leaned back, bursting all over her seat and floor. Her stream flowed freely, unobstructed by her panties, and looking down she could literally see her bladder deflating. She breathed heavily and moaned from the relief, trying to push away the thoughts of cleaning her rig after this incident. She just tried to enjoy the sensation of her emptying bladder, and it was over a minute later that she finished and sat up straight, leaning on the wheel. Better than an orgasm.

She opened her purse again and pulled out a pad, using it to dry her thighs as best as she could. It hardly made a difference with how soaked her skirt and seat was, but at least it made her feel a little better. She sighed and continued down the highway. At least there won't be anyone at my destination at night, just a simple drop-off. Skirt's a dark color so cameras won't see that I'm wet. I remember from last time there's a 24 Hour pharmacy a mile away from the yard, so I should be able to buy some new panties once I dry off a little. This could have been a lot worse.

I wish this didn't have to happen, but that's the fuckin' way she goes.

*005*2016-02-06 14:33

{{: 

Great stuff!. I really like her voice.

}}

May I ask what you mean by that? Like, her personality or her thoughts?

*007*2016-02-07 01:51

{{: 

I really enjoyed this story, the last line had me laughing (probably more than I should have). Nothing like a story of truck driving desperation ending with a Trailer Park Boys quote.

}}

Way of the Road, buddy.

