School trip on a very special cruise - Page 4

Author: OmoNeon

*082*2023-01-14 10:51

{{On 1/11/2023 at 9:04 PM, melkore said:

Over the course of the chapters this story is confirming my favorite of this site. Really congratulations I hope you can continue as possible or that you will do more of this level ( if there are errors I apologize my mother tongue is Italian and my English is of medium level)

}}

Thanks for the kind words 😊

This story will only have a few more chapters but i have an idea for a vol 2. Albeit it will be shorter in chapters i think it will be a great continuation 👌

*083*2023-01-14 17:01

Chapter 16

Short but fun one.

_________________________________________________

Luna was sitting with her knees spread and feet up on top of the tree trunk, this way both girls had a great view of Luna's crotch. With pounding heart she slowly relaxed her bladder.

She felt a few drops going in her panties dampening them further, that wasn't what she was going for though. She wanted that nice wet feeling in her crotch.

Her mouth was getting dry and she was fidgeting with the water bottle in her hand. She continued relaxing her bladder and could feel her pee about to come out, she knew this was gonna be visible to anyone who would get a clear view of her crotch. This thought only added to her already arousal.

With a soft moan she let her pee dribble into her panties.

A little wet spot appeared on her crotch that slowly expanded, after a few seconds she could feel the warmth start to collect around her pussy and stopped her flow, the warmth slowly faded as her pee got absorbed in the fabric of her shorts. They both watched how the wet patch was slowly expanding over Luna's crotch and went a little bit down to her butt reaching the previous dampness on the back of her shorts where it stopped.

Chloe had successfully convinced Luna to wet her shorts so she would have a wet patch like her.

Secretly Luna loved that Chloe had tried to convince her, how could she said no to something like that?

She couldn't believe she had just wet her shorts on purpose though, while they still have to make it back to the ship while walking through the town.

She wasn't sure if it would dry enough in time by the time they got back although they still had their back up set of shorts and panties in their back pack but still, where would they even change?

Worries for later!

They were having a great time with their little game.

"Nice! That wet patch is about as big as mine i think." Chloe said in an upbeat voice.

Luna disagreed, "I think my patch is a bit bigger actually!"

Chloe had also set her feet on the tree trunk with knees spread, they were comparing the wet patch on each others crotch.

"See! Mine is slightly bigger plus i have a wet patch on my butt as well!" Luna said confidently,

.....

"Mine is bigger!" Chloe said after a pause.

Hold up, the wet patch on Chloe's crotch started glistening and grew a bit bigger.

"Cheater! You're cheating!" Luna teased while laughing, "You just peed more!"

Both girls couldn't stop laughing over their silly contest, they felt cheerful on this little trip together.

When they were finally done giggling their eyes met, after a pause they scooted closer to each other and leaned in and started kissing, until suddenly while still kissing Chloe started giggling again.

"My patch is still bigger though." Chloe said while failing to contain her laughter.

Luna jokingly threw her now empty water bottle at her.

She loved how her girlfriend was teasing her.

Luna shouted, barely able to contain her laughter, "You're just trying to make me wet my shorts aren't you?!"

"Noooo!! ...ok maybe." Chloe said with a mischievous grin.

They continued goofing around while finishing their snacks. When they were finally done they got up and left to continue on their hike.

Luna was enjoying the wetness she felt between her thighs, with how warm the weather was it should dry enough that it would become less visible, but it was too much to dry completely though.

Neither of the girls were too worried about it.

They continued on their walk while it continued to go more downwards, there was less rocky cliffs and more forests the more they descend. As well as another river with a beautiful waterfall.

This had an effect on their bladder however as they were already walking quite a while since the last time they had emptied their bladders. There wasn't really any cover where they were at so they continued walking, they weren't desperate yet.

Just as the pressure on their bladder started to become uncomfortable they found a little shed with a picnic table inside, luckily there was plenty of cover behind it to squat.

"You could still win from me if you go in your shorts." Chloe said teasingly,

Luna countered, "So you're trying to make me pee my shorts again huh?"

"Oh no absolutely not!" Chloe said sarcastically, "i'm just gonna say another perk of simply peeing in your shorts is that you don't even need cover!" Chloe said grinning. "No need to squat either, relax and let it flow where ever you're standing! Just pointing out the benefits, that's all!"

They both we're laughing again, Luna even contemplated it.

She knew she would love to let it flow and she was pretty sure Chloe would do as well if she did. But still...

Even though they hadn't seen any people for a while it would be really embarrassing if someone would see.

Because of the hot weather right now both their shorts had dried quite a bit already and the patch had faded a lot.

"I want to do it actually... but i'm scared of people seeing me in soaked shorts." Luna said in honesty,

Chloe admitted, "I know, i'm just teasing you. But to be honest i feel the same, i want to let go in my shorts."

And then she added mischievously, "Actually, if you do it i promise i will do it as well."

Luna was overthinking this... the prospect of seeing Chloe soak her shorts was tempting but as per usual she chickened out.

Luna went first behind the shed while Chloe kept lookout and sat on top of the side of the picnic table having a good view of the trail, as Luna walked behind the shed Chloe jokingly let out a boo.

She couldn't put the thought out of her mind of seeing Chloe soak her shorts, she wanted to see her do it. But the thought of wetting her own shorts in public scared her.

She squatted down and ran her hand over her damp crotch while overthinking the situation.

The very same thing that she was scared of also made her more aroused.

Slowly she started to relax her bladder muscles while still running her hand over her damp crotch and shorts.

At the very last second before her pee came out she yanked her shorts and panties out of the way. Letting her stream hit the ground, she couldn't further pee her shorts, too afraid people would see.

In her aroused state she ran her hands over her peeing pussy and through her own stream, as a result she could feel wetness going down into her shorts.

People would see the wet patch but... in her aroused state of mind a revelation suddenly formed in her head, why does she actually care if people see?

The people in town are all strangers and after today she will never see them again.

Luna succumbed to her arousal and changed her mind, while holding her breath she let go of her panties and shorts letting them snap back in place letting her full stream go into her pants.

Immediately she felt that familiar warmth spread around engulfing her pussy in warm wetness.

She was running her hand over her crotch and loved how she could feel the wetness soaking through the fabric of her shorts.

Because she was squatting she could feel her pee cascade down her butt and forming a puddle on the ground underneath her.

While now moving her hand down to her butt she could feel her pee soak through her shorts and through her fingers, engulfing her butt in a lovely warm wet glow.

She was loving this and any doubt had left her mind as she happily let go and emptied the rest of her bladder into her shorts.

Realizing she was properly pissing her shorts and there was no way of going back, she felt ecstatic about it.

Her stream finally subsided and she let out the last few drops.

Still shaking she stood up with still dripping shorts, she loved how her soaked shorts and panties were clinging to her skin, droplets where going down her legs as well as she walked back to Chloe.

"Guess i changed my mind, i couldn't resist letting go in my shorts." Luna said sheepishly,

Luna felt like she should be panicking already, she didn't even though she fully soaked her shorts after all.

And while she expected Chloe to at least have a somewhat surprised expression but she was wrong.

"Nice!!" Chloe blurted out with an instant smile,

Luna walked up close to Chloe and showed off her soaked shorts, she turned around and stuck out her butt showing the big wet patch.

Somewhat being caught off guard she felt Chloe her hand caressing her wet butt, but definitely not unwanted while her arousal spiked once again. She turned around to face Chloe.

Chloe blurted out, "Um s-sorry, i couldn't resi..."

Luna had already started kissing her and cut off her sentence, she pressed her body against Chloe's and pulled her in an intimate hug while she was still sitting on the edge of the table.

To her delight Luna felt how Chloe her hands continued to caress her wet butt while making out.

Everything that was happening was making her horny but what happened next was gonna turn her on so much more, while suddenly Chloe stopped the kiss, with their lips still touching,

"I'm gonna piss my shorts." Chloe whispered,

Luna took a step back, she wanted to see this.

Chloe shifted a bit forward so her crotch was leaning over the edge of the table while leaning back with her hands behind her on the table.

She spread her legs wide and looked into Luna's eyes before without any hesitation releasing her bladder fully while she let a small moan escape.

Luna adored how she saw a new wet spot appear on Chloe's crotch which quickly started glistening with pee, spreading over her crotch as well as downward.

To her delight she could hear the hissing start while drops that turned into streams were falling down from under the table as well as out of her shorts legs.

The sounds of pee splattering below the table combined with the sight of her girlfriend fully wetting her shorts right in front of her Luna was getting immensely turned on and she couldn't help herself anymore.

Luna closed the distance to Chloe and reached out with her hand.

She could feel Chloe's warm pee flowing through her fingers while she was rubbing her girlfriends crotch that was getting more soaked with every passing second.

They started to make out again while Chloe started letting out small moans.

Luna could feel electricity coursing through her when Chloe started to rub her crotch as well.

Meanwhile Luna could feel Chloe's stream slow down and subside in her hand, they kept rubbing each others now soaked crotches while both letting out small moans, that and the dripping of Chloe's pee soaked shorts into the big puddle that was underneath the picnic table was the only sounds the girls could hear.

Luna was massively turned on and she didn't want to stop, actually she wanted even more, she wanted to do Chloe right then and there.

Suddenly they could hear voices in the distance...

They both jumped up spooked, they were about to bolt away and look for cover when they suddenly recognized the voices.

They peeked around the corner of the shed and they saw it was Vicky and Selena, no sign of Liv though?

On second glance both of them had clearly wet their shorts as well.

Both girls jumped up in shock when they saw someone was in the shed.

"Oh shit you scared me!" Vicky blurted out, "I didn't realize it was you guys!"

Both Chloe and Luna quickly said sorry while stepping out of the shed.

With a glance at Chloe, Luna realized they were both still red in their face while panting and breathing heavily from what had just happened between them.

"What where you guys doing?" Selena asked wile squinting her eyes in suspicion.

_______________________________________

Short, but spicy!

*086*2023-01-24 19:30

Chapter 17

__________________________________________________

"What were you guys doing?" Selena asked while squinting her eyes in suspicion.

Luna and Chloe answered at the same time,

Luna: "Pee break!"

Chloe: "Just chilling!"

Oh wow they sucked at this, both Liv and Selena were looking at them with a suspicious look on their face.

"So our trails must have merged at some point." Luna tried to change the subject,

"So were you just chilling during the pee break and decide to wet your pants or?" Vicky wondered out loud while ignoring Luna,

Chloe quickly followed up asking, "Where's Liv actually?"

Succes, Chloe had more luck changing the subject.

"So quite funny actually, Liv was opening up about how our teacher, Mr. Davis didn't feel like it was apropriate of him what happened last night between the two of them. Understandably so but that means Liv got somewhat dumped i guess." Vicky explained.

"But guess who we came across on a different trail, Mr. Davis! It was a bit awkward but we talked and told him he shouldn't be so worried about the two of them hanging out together so we might have pushed Liv a little bit to go with him," Selena said upbeat, "So now they're enjoying their afternoon together, nice right?!"

Luna and Chloe agreed, they knew Liv really wanted to be with Mr. Davis after all.

"So seriously now, what were you guys actually doing?" Vicky asked again.

"How come you guys have wet your shorts actually?" Luna countered with another question.

Luna found it funny how all four of them were standing in wet shorts and that wasn't so far out of the ordinary anymore, the cruise had completely shifted their perspective of how it was acceptable for someone to wet their pants. Her last question was more of a succes and finally managed to adjust the topic away of why she and Chloe were all hot and bothered coming out of the shed.

"Well... no point in hiding it anymore, we were getting pretty careless when we needed to pee and it didn't take long until we both had some wet patches on the back of our shorts." Selena explained.

"Oh yea something similar happened to us actually. Although i did have a small accident at some point." Chloe added nonchalantly. "If i had wet my shorts like that before the cruise happened i would've been mortified."

"With this warm weather it doesn't feel that bad, Vicky must have thought the same as she just completely peed in her shorts earlier!" Selena said while Vicky just shrugged.

"You followed right after though!" Vicky added,

Great, admitting they had also been nonchalant about peeing their shorts and even had an accident is way less embarrassing than their make out session between them. Luna felt her red face was mostly gone by now.

Meanwhile Luna felt like they were becoming closer friends with Vicky and Selena on this cruise and on the other hand she was still curious about Vicky, she remembered how she had blatantly wet herself back on the train, even back then she didn't seem to care all that much and was the first one to wet her pants on purpose. It seemed Vicky wasn't bothered by it since the beginning already.

Both Vicky and Selena had a bit of a mischievous smile on their face, "Fine, keep your little secret then, whatever you were doing in that shed!" Selena said while pouting,

Oof, they got away with it, the situation cooled down and they continued on their walk together now. Apparently Selena and Vicky also had a plan for their wet shorts later on but didn't share it yet.

They continued their hike, continuously declining down the mountain while enjoying nature and the warm weather, which was causing a nice warm wind.

Luna noticed it felt quite nice in combination with her soggy shorts.

Embarrassment and fear of getting caught in clearly peed shorts should be worrisome right now, but neither of the girls did. They just enjoyed their afternoon like this.

"How come you didn't seem to care to wet your leggings back in the train?" Luna finally asked,

Chloe added, "Oh yea about that, you just blatantly let it go, what was up with that?"

"Well..." Vicky started, "If i told you guys i would need to kill you."

...

"Very funny."

"hehe just joking, i guess i can tell you now that we're all regularly wetting our pants." Vicky said.

While walking Vicky told a story from when she was younger.

__________________________________________

Vicky was in the back of the car while they were coming back from visiting family. It was quite a long drive for them so it wasn't an all too frequent visit.

"If traffic isn't too bad we can still be on time for our favorite show to start." Vicky's dad said,

"I was hoping we would make a stop at the next gas station, i really need to pee." Vicky said,

"It's not too far anymore, you think you can hold it? If we stop now we're gonna be late." Mom said,

Vicky confirmed, "It's ok i can hold it."

She went back to playing her game on her handheld device.

They passed the gas station a little later and Vicky was actually wondering if she maybe had overestimated her bladder, she'll be fine she thought.

"Oh come on! There's a traffic jam, we're gonna miss our show!" Her dad said angrily,

The traffic indeed started to slow down, eventually coming to a complete stop.

Her bladder started to feel uncomfortable after a while and they were still stuck in the traffic jam.

"How much longer? I really need to pee." Vicky said,

"Well it really depends on the traffic, i'll make an extra stop if we find another gas station or something." Her dad reassured her.

Vicky looked up from her game and checked out the traffic jam in front of them. As far as she could see there were cars moving slowly along the freeway.

This wasn't gonna be cleared anytime soon. She kept holding while she continued to play the game but she was getting squirmish and was having a hard time focusing on the game.

The boss she was fighting had killed her two times already while he wasn't even that hard.

If she could just pee she could focus back on her game and beat that annoying boss.

After a while she looked up again from her game to see the traffic jam hadn't gotten any better.

Vicky actually wasn't to worried about not making it in time, she was pretty sure she could hold it long enough anyway but her bladder was simply feeling uncomfortable.

With one more glance at the traffic jam she had made her decision, she shifted her posture so she was sitting up straight instead of slouching and put her video game on pause.

She slowly relaxed her bladder muscles until a spurt of pee went in her panties, it felt nice but it wasn't much so she quickly let out another bigger spurt.

Her pee soaked into her panties, she always enjoyed this feeling of wetness in her panties.

She spread her legs a bit to inspect her jeans and not surprisingly there was a small wet patch on her crotch.

Just releasing a little already felt nice, but she wanted to feel that warm wet glow in her crotch that she loved so much...

The wet patch on her crotch started expanding, while glistening with pee it started to spread downwards. Without hesitating she had relaxed and let her pee stream in her panties, welcoming the warmth that was spreading in her crotch and going down pooling around her butt.

She could even see her pee pooling between her legs now, damn she really needed that relief.

Without a worry and a very faint hissing sound that was barely audible she continued relieving her entire bladder into her pants and car seat.

She was calmly observing how the wet patch was slowly expanding over her entire crotch and creeping up under her legs as well, her pants were getting completely soaked.

After peeing for what must have been at least a full minute she could feel her bladder was getting empty and her stream subsided. Damn that felt good, she really had to pee bad and the relieve she just felt was amazing. She enjoyed the wet warmth she was sitting in while she could feel her pee slowly soak into the car seat.

Vicky unpaused her game and not to her surprise, now that she could properly focus she managed to beat the boss fairly easy.

She wasn't bothered one bit that she had wet her pants, she happily continued to play her game while sitting in soaked pants.

A couple of minutes later her dad spoke up.

"Traffic jam is opening up, it was a car accident apparantly. Ok looking at the sign there's a stop not much longer now, i'll stop there so you can pee ok?" Her dad said,

"I don't need to pee anymore." Vicky said casually.

Her mother glanced to the back and saw her daughter's soaked jeans and car seat.

"Oh sweety did you have an accident?" Her mom asked surprised,

"No," Vicky answered, "I let go on purpose when my bladder felt uncomfortable, sorry."

"hhm? She did what? I didn't hear." Her dad asked while turning down the radio,

Her mom answered, "She peed her pants on purpose."

"Oh, so you went in your pants?" Her dad said, "That's ok, then i don't have to stop anymore, don't forget to clean up the car seat when we get home ok?"

Vicky reassuringly said, "No problem!"

_____________________________________

"Hold up!" Luna almost shouted, "You're saying you just said fuck it and peed in your pants, and your parents were ok with that?!"

"Yea pretty much, it's a habit in the family, it's not frowned upon when someone decides to wet themselves." Vicky shrugged when explaining her very not normal family habit.

"But what about the car seat?!" Chloe asked with a confused expression on her face.

Vicky shrugged again, "It was an old car with leather seats, when we got home i dried off the seats and then cleaned it with a cleaning product my mom always gave me and let it air. Well ok by the time we got rid of the car it did have a bit of a pee smell from all the times i wet myself on the backseat."

"You did it multiple times?!" Luna couldn't believe what she was hearing.

"I did on occasions yea." Vicky calmly explained. "Oh i also often wet my bed when i didn't want to get up in the middle of the night, expecially in winter when it was cold."

Luna and Chloe were speechless.

Vicky continued, "Oh i also wet my bed everytime i watched a scary movie, i was afraid the monsters were gonna get me when i got out of bed to go to the toilet. So i stayed in my comfy bed when i had to pee."

"Oh yea during things like christmas we had the tradition we would also simply wet our pants, so i would wake up in the morning of christmas and wet my pajamas and bed. By the time we had eaten breakfast and opened the presents i would wet my pants again." Vicky explained this with a warm smile on her face while she was recollecting fond memories. "Often i would even wet my fresh pajamas in the living room before getting in bed."

Luna and Chloe were walking with their mouths agape, Selena didn't seem shocked at all so it seems she knew about this already, they two were good friends after all.

"Ok no wonder why you weren't bothered by it." Luna said,

"In fact, when that video was playing in the train i was even more hyped for the cruise." Vicky admitted.

Luna was jealous, first off she had always felt weird for her interest in wetting, and second she was pretty sure her parents wouldn't have been ok with it if she did wet herself on purpose.

Vicky casually added, "It's a little bit silly to be honest, how people are so against the idea of peeing in your pants."

She stopped walking while she said it and without hesitating she started peeing, rewetting her shorts and making a puddle in the middle of the trail.

The others stopped now as well and watched as Vicky was relieving herself in her shorts as if it was a normal thing to do.

Hearing this story and how in Vicky's family it was normal to pee in your pants when you felt like it, Luna felt like doing the same thing and pee her shorts, she needed to pee again anyway.

Before she even completed her thought Selena was already wetting her own shorts as her crotch was getting a new wet patch that was quickly spreading with drops falling on the ground.

With seeing how they were so casual about wetting their shorts Luna stopped hesitating.

She spread her feet apart and happily relaxed her bladder, welcoming the warm pee that streamed into her shorts and unto the ground. Not to her surprise Chloe was doing the same when she saw her pee streaming down from her shorts.

When they were all done peeing they continued their walk as if nothing had happened, although first Chloe had shaken her butt to get the last drops of her shorts to great laughter from the rest.

Luna was in heaven.

After a few more minutes of walking Selena pointed out "their plan".

There was a small river that crossed their trail with a little bridge going over it, Vicky and Selena kicked of their shoes, took off their socks and now Luna caught on to their plan.

Luna and Chloe followed and all four of them waded into the river, the water was cold but it was refreshing in these hot temperatures.

By the time they waded out of the water they had all crouched deep enough to soak their shorts entirely, nobody that would look at them would know they had peed their pants!

"We can change into dry clothes when we find a more secluded spot, in this warm weather it's not too bad to have soggy shorts anyway.

They carried on on their trip, taking pictures and enjoying the views. After a while they took a break and they found a really big rock big enough for all four to sit on. By now they couldn't be much further from the foot of the mountain though. Meanwhile Luna felt the need to pee had come back as well.

Well, her shorts were still soggy anyway, more wetness wouldn't really matter right?

Also the others would wet themselves as well probably, better ask to see what the others think.

"I need to pee again." Luna started while finishing her last water bottle.

"Same" The others said.

A few seconds later Luna could see a trail of what must be pee running down from the rock, it was coming from Vicky. She had her knees upwards and her crotch and butt was glistening from wetness as she was nonchalantly peeing in her shorts.

Luna didn't overthink it any further and just let go where she was sitting.

She loved this trip, and this cruise... and Chloe. She relished the feeling of her wet shorts warming up once more as she was peeing in them without a worry.

While she was emptying her bladder in her shorts she noticed Chloe and Selena were doing the same, four almost identical streams of pee were running down the side of the rock.

With this shared habit they were definitely becoming better friends with Vicky and Selena she thought.

They continued on their hike and while passing by other people none of them had any idea they had wet their shorts multiple times today. Eventually they came to the end of the path which was a little bit further from where they started, and they were happy to see there were public toilets here. Pretty clean as well surprisingly!

They all went inside to change into their spare clothes.

Luna was getting out her clothing to change into, when she realized it was a good moment to empty her bladder again even though she didn't really need to pee yet. Still wearing her soggy shorts she didn't see a reason to take them off so she just sat on the toilet with her shorts still on and released her pee. Suddenly she heard Chloe from the stall next to her.

"Are you guys also just peeing through your shorts?" Chloe asked, echoeing through the room.

"Yep" They all answered simulteanously, followed by loud laughter as they realized they were all thinking the same thing.

Once they were all ready and dressed they carried on into the town, they all agreed they were thirsty like crazy, even though they had been drinking tons of water all day but the combination of the drug, heat and being active was really making them crave for a good drink.

When they noticed an empty table outside of a small local café they quickly decided to get a drink here, the table was right next to a little wall that separated them from the river streaming below them. It was a beautiful view!

They all ordered their drinks and when they got them they immediatly ordered a fresh round as they were thirsty like crazy. They chatted and shared the things they had seen on their hikes while Luna and Chloe were trying their best to not bring up the shed.

Luna was still somewhat embarrassed about what had happened when she was alone with Chloe in the shed, she knew she definitely had liked it though but that didn't help her embarrassment. She had gotten really turned on in the moment and felt like there was a bit of a seal that had been broken between her and Chloe, actually she was starting to look forward to the next time something between them would happen. Maybe even... sex? She blushed heavily just thinking about it.

When their eyes met she could see a smile instantly forming on Chloe's face, although a second later she realized she was also smiling like an idiot. Was she thinking the same thing right now?

They leaned in and kissed, Luna felt pretty comfortable kissing her in public by now she realized. She was loving the evolution in their relationship lately. Also Vicky and Selena didn't seem to be bothered by it either as they started a conversation on a new topic.

"Did you guys see what happened at the north pole? With the scientists they found dead." Selena said,

"Oh yea i read that." Luna said,

They quickly explained the news article to Vicky and Chloe as well who hadn't read it previously.

"They're making a pretty big deal out of it, they still don't know what caused it but they put the entire area in quarantaine as well as all the people that came in contact with the area." Selena further explained.

"So it's some sort of disease or what?" Chloe pondered out loud,

Vicky added, "I did hear that under the many layers of ice that has been frozen for such a long time, that it could hide prehistoric diseases... quite scary if you think about it."

While they were discussing their current topic and enjoying their drinks they all were completely oblivious to the person who was quickly walking up to their table now.

Luna her phone was laying in front of her on the table when suddenly out of nowhere someone yanked it away. All four of them shot up in surprise and only now saw who was standing right next to their table.

Caitlyn sneered at Luna, "You didn't think i would let you get away with what you did yesterday right?"

Before anyone could react Caitlyn had already made a small leap and threw Luna's phone as far as she could towards the river. There was nothing Luna could do as it felt like she could see her phone soar through the sky in slow motion. She could see how it flew in an arc and kept falling to eventually drop down with a loud plunge into the river.

Even though the phone was old and had a cracked screen it was still her phone... knowing it wasn't waterproof either so it's definitely dead...

Chloe shot up and just as she was ready to jump on Caitlyn the others stopped her, they couldn't just make a scene like that with all the other people around them, plus a bit further they saw Caitlyn's little group of friends, it seemed they were almost hoping Luna and her group would try something in response so they could escalate the situation further.

Caitlyn walked backwards away from them with both hands flipping them off.

How can one person be so obnoxious Luna thought.

"Leave her, she's not worth it." Luna said,

Chloe was furious, "I'm gonna destroy that witch once and for all, let me go!"

Chloe was completely different than yesterday night where she seemed frail and scared, now that Luna was the target of Caitlyn's bullying it looked like she wanted to end her right then and there.

They finally managed to calm down Chloe once Caitlyn was gone.

"But... she destroyed your phone." Chloe said angrily,

Luna calmed down Chloe, "It's an old phone, i was saving for a new one anyway as mine was kinda old, had a cracked screen and the battery was kinda dying anyway. It's not a big deal."

"I'll make it up to you though." Chloe promised,

Luna responded surprised, "Make up for what? I decided to throw her in the pool not you, something i still don't regret mind you!"

They laughed over this, although all was well the mood had been killed so they decided to leave. Their drinks were near empty anyway so they quickly finished them and they went on their way. Sadly Luna without her smartphone, but she didn't want to show how upset she was over it so Chloe wouldn't feel bad about it as much.

When they were walking through the town on their way to the restaurant they had picked out earlier, Chloe suddenly pointed out a shop where they were selling smartphones, she quickly dragged in Luna. It was pointless as she couldn't waste money on a new smartphone right now.

After looking at the new models and explaining what her plan was to Chloe, which was to buy a new one back at home and get a new sim card, she went outside and joined Vicky and Selena who were sitting outside on a bench.

"Where's your girlfriend?" Selena asked,

First, it was funny now that she heard someone refer to Chloe as her girlfriend, she kind of liked that though.

Second, she actually thought Chloe was following her outside but she was apparently wrong.

A bit later Chloe came out the shop, with a bag in her hand?

"Here, a gift for you. Now we're even!" Chloe said with her trademark smile.

"Hold on... you didn't!" Luna said shocked, "You shouldn't have, i'll repay you when we get home!"

"Haha you don't have to repay me, else we wouldn't be even right?" Chloe said serious,

Luna opened the bag to see what she had actually bought for her, she became even more shocked. In the bag was a new sim card and a brand new flagship smartphone, this was crazy expensive and way over Luna's budget!

"I can't accept this! I can't repay you for this!" Luna said worried,

Luna had always felt a bit insecure about the wealth difference between her and Chloe, she didn't have the kind of money to spend on smartphones like these, normally she would use the old phones from her parents or buy one of the cheapest ones. How was she ever gonna repay her...

"You don't repay it silly, we're even!" Chloe said dead serious, "For throwing Caitlyn in the pool!"

Chloe embraced Luna, leaned in and whispered once again it's fine, and then kissed her before she could reject.

"Oh god you two... so cheesy but... so cute." Selena said while she and Vicky were laughing over this scene.

Luna finally gave in, she had never had a piece of tech this advanced and modern before, she felt extremely grateful as it was exactly the model and color she actually wanted, she remembered they had talked about smartphones before and had named her favorite one, even though she had never intended to actually buy it as it was crazy expensive.

To her surprise Chloe had remembered all those details of her favorite smartphone she had named back then.

With her new smartphone still in the bag in her one hand and Chloe's hand in the other they carried on towards the restaurant now.

Once they arrived at the restaurant they gladly took their seats, they had an outdoor table with a nice view as well, it was lovely in this weather.

They had ordered their food and while waiting Luna started taking out her new smartphone, it felt crazy that this was hers. Once again she asked Chloe if she was serious about just giving it to her.

"Absolutely, also this one is waterproof. It's actually quite useful for..." Chloe now started whispering so people on other tables couldn't hear it, "When you wet your pants it doesn't matter if the phone gets wet."

They all laughed about Chloe's explanation how waterproof was really beneficial for their new habits lately.

Luckily she had cloud back up installed on her old phone, she installed her new one and all of her pictures and other stuff were getting imported, she hadn't lost anything in the end.

After a while their food arrived and they made short work of it, hiking on the mountain had made them all really hungry and the food was amazing. They enjoyed each others company and were having some more drinks after their food was done. Even though the sun was slowly going down it was still a nice temperature outside.

"Lets pay and head back to the ship shall we?" Selena said,

Everyone agreed, while Luna also thought it would be in their best interest to go to the toilet right before they left. After all, the ship was about a 30 minute walk.

Although in reality, with everything that had happened yesterday at the party and today during the hike... she had freely wet herself during the party. Today she had wet her shorts several times. The story of Vicky and how she and her family finds it normal to deliberately wet your pants once in a while.

All of it accumulated in her thoughts.

Luna really didn't feel like going to the toilet, she would rather wet her shorts on the walk back, even though she didn't have any spare clothes with her.

Is it really such a big deal to people if she would walk around in pissed shorts? She wondered.

They got the cheque and paid, meanwhile Luna was still overthinking things. She hadn't been to the toilet since before dinner, and neither did the others, she wasn't bursting yet but she already felt some pressure in her bladder. The others must be in a similar state.

Suddenly Selena mentioned how they should probably go to the toilet before they left as it's still quite a walk to the ship. Nobody really reacted though.

After a few seconds Vicky casually said, "I feel like skipping the toilet and just piss my shorts on the way back, i don't care if people see it, i'm on vacation!"

Luna could almost jump of joy when she heard Vicky say that, it sounded like a joke but she knew she was serious. There were still people sitting on other tables and she wondered if someone had heard her say that, at the same time she was getting anxious of the thought of leaving without going to the toilet, knowing full well they would never make it to the ship without having to pee.

That exact same thought was also making her eager to leave without going to the toilet knowing full well she would wet her shorts. But what did the others think?

No, stop overthinking it and speak up Luna!

"Good idea, i wanted to test if my phone is actually water proof, or pee proof in this case i guess." Luna said while winking to Chloe.

After a short pause Chloe spoke up, "Holy shit you guys are actually serious?"

"Well that's daring." Selena said,

Both Chloe and Selena confirmed, "Alright lets go then!"

They all got up from their seats and made their way to the exit.

Luna's hands were clammy, she was fidgeting with her new phone in her hand. By leaving the restaurant they were actively skipping the toilet and were walking away from it, knowing full well what that meant.

She could feel her heartbeat already increasing in just the thought of it, they made their way on to the street and leaving towards the pier. The walk consisted of a few more streets with houses but after that it was more of open streets until they would arrive at the pier.

They were actually doing this, unless someone changed their mind now. For sure Luna knew she was never gonna make it as her bladder was already pretty full. There was also no cover as far as she could remember to really squat and pee. She was wearing dark blue tight jeans shorts that were knee length, if she peed in these it would be visible... Although it was slowly getting dark outside which would make it a lot harder to see, that at least will help cover her wet pants a little bit.

Chloe was wearing sexy short jeans shorts but regular blue, would be visible but the wet patch wouldn't be too big.

Vicky was wearing faded jeans shorts that came just under her knees, that would definitely be visible.

Selena was wearing blue lose sport shorts. That would definitely be visible as well.

Oh she was looking forward to this walk.

________________________________

Great... i messed up that bitches phone, that'll teach her. Caitlyn had gotten her revenge.

But why is it that she didn't feel any better, she still had a lump in her throat thinking about it.

When she had seen them kiss each other she had lost it. That meant that bitch whatever her name was did end up becoming Chloe's girlfriend and she couldn't have that.

Her parents were very religious and so was her upbringing. When Chloe had confessed her feelings to her all those years ago she realized she had similar feelings for her... Of course that wasn't at all acceptable, so she tried to ignore her feelings and tried to push Chloe away instead.

She had then by accident blurted out to one of her friends what had happened between them and word spread very fast around the school. What happened after that is something she hated herself for. Chloe got bullied and she had joined in, further pushing her feelings for her away.

Now seeing Chloe kiss someone, the person that had thrown her into the pool nonetheless. She realized she had completely and utterly fucked things up, bad enough that she can never take it back.

Caitlyn kept on walking trying her best to hold back tears.

"Hey Cait, what's up? You don't look well." One of her friends asked

"I'm fine, leave me alone." Caitlyn sneered back.

Caitlyn felt confused, she had been for years whenever she thought of Chloe this way. She wanted to be with her like Luna is... But she knew very well that wasn't acceptable, and even if it was she didn't deserve her after everything she had done to her...

*090*2023-01-25 10:44

{{1 hour ago, HereToStay said:

Love it how the story arc develops further. 😍. Keep it up!

I‘ve read about „Told To“ so many times now. Must be a legendary piece of literature that impressed quite some people on here. Unfortunately I can’t find it. Could you please give me a hint were I can find it?

}}

The creator removed the entire post so you can't find it here anymore, someone else saved it and send it to me, i have it on my pc and i can send it to you once i get home.

It really is a good story 👌

{{12 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Really enjoying this so far, reminds me of "Told To" somewhat.

}}

I liked that story a lot as well. I always missed how this website had very few stories about deliberate wettings so on the end i started one of my own 😁

*095*2023-01-29 09:03

I've send everyone that asked a copy of 'told to' if anyone else wants let me know 👍

