(Spider-girl) The Perks of being a professional Wallflower

Author: Nimbus

*000*2013-02-24 12:29

So I guess I’m risking a bit here with this title, so first thing first, I have not, nor do I intend to read the perks of being the wallflower or see the movie. Unfortunately I don’t have the time to add that book to my already impressive pile of books I intend to read. With that being said, this story will focus on the daughter of Peter and Mary Jane Parker, May Parker; AKA the Amazing Spider-girl. This isn’t a replacement to my teen titans story, but with the plans for my DC omo-verse being a little grim and dark I wanted to write a comic book story line that focused on the fun side of things. Without further ado, I now present the story of May Parker.

May Parker groaned as she roused with her alarm clock. She blinked wearily as she took in her surroundings. Her eyes went wide as she realized the world was upside down, or more accurately she was dangling from the ceiling by her bare feet. She barely had time to register her position before she plummeted onto her mattress below.

“Oof!” She groaned as her body bounced to the floor. She rubbed her head as she struggled to her feet. “What the-“

“May? Is everything all right?” A woman’s voice asked from downstairs.

Do I tell her? “Peachy keen. Just another lovely Monday morning.” She replied dryly. Guess not. She rolled her eyes as she opened her bathroom door and left the solace of her bedroom for a hot shower. Once the steady flow of hot water began to cascade down her body she let her mind really focus on her wake-up.

What the hell was that? I was on the ceiling! Am I a mutant? Oh god, what is this? What am I? The amazing glue girl? The professional Wallflower? What else can I do? Just creep upon walls? I hope that’s not the extent of my freakiness. She was only subconsciously lathering her body with soap as she tried to rationalize her wall crawling. She didn’t manage to make the connection between her wall crawling and her heritage she knew nothing about.

Instead she was left wide eyed and dumbstruck as she began to shampoo her hair, her hands were nearly idle as they slowly ran through her shoulder length brown hair. She begun to nibble on the inside of her cheek as she contemplated seeing a doctor for an explanation, or her parents. She ran the thought through her head of her parents turning on her for being a freak. What if they were scared of her? Their little freak who should just stay upstairs and pretend not to exist.

She shivered at the thought of being enstranged from her parents if they found out about her morning activities. No! It only happened once. She tried to shake that thought from her head. Only happened once? It still happened! I was on the ceiling!

“May!” Her mother called, slightly anxious. “You’re gonna be late.” Her mother announced as-matter-a-factly.

“Ok.” She sighed, a feeling of hopeless desperation began to fill her. She quickly rinsed the remaining shampoo suds from her hair before emerging into the steamy bathroom. She shivered again, despite the humidity of the room. She bit her lip and considered calling off sick, but what would that help. It’s not like I’m going to climb walls in class against my will. She reassured herself as she dried off and wrapped her body in a towel and emerged into her bed room.

She dragged herself through her morning ritual of pulling on her clothes. She barely noticed she was actually dressing until she noticed that she was in her matching hot pink bra and panties. She blinked, startled at her subconscious movements. Let’s hope I don’t subconsciously decide to scale the classroom walls. She smirked slightly as she pulled a white cotton t-shirt over her head. She followed her shirt with a pair of cigarette jeans. She strained to pull the skin tight denim over her lithe legs, annoyed at the pain of fashion.

She rolled her eyes after she buttoned and zipped her jeans up and added a stylish belt to the ensemble before she began to slip on a pair of socks and grey vans. She sighed as she decided that she was finally ready for breakfast, which consisted of bacon and eggs. She was brushing her teeth as fast and thoroughly as possible so she could still catch the bus. “Unggh!” She grunted as she felt her gums start to bleed from the force of her brush. She quickly rinsed the paste from her mouth and rushed to catch the bus, making sure to snatch up her backpack on the way out of the house.

She literally just got to the bus stop as the yellow “hearse” screeched to a halt. “Perfect timing.” She muttered as she jogged up the steps of the bus and took her seat near the back, alone. She quickly ran through the possible reasons she woke up dangling from the ceiling. What if it was a dream? The miracle explanation! It could all be just a simple, over active imagination. A simple dream. Of course she knew it wasn’t true, but it was a helpful thought for a few seconds. If only it was that simple. She leaned against the cool window pain and gazed out at the passing scenery, trying to calm herself down.

She sighed as she saw Midtown High grow larger as the bus approached its destination until it screeched to a halt outside of the building where all fun went to die. She groaned and dragged herself out of the bus and made her way into the main building. She forced the thought of her dangling from the ceiling away from her mind as she decided to focus on school.

It wasn’t until her last class of the day that the realization that she had never used the bathroom amidst the chaos of her morning antics had dawned upon her. She blushed as she crossed legs by the ankles beneath her desk. She bit the inside of her lips and gave a weak smile to anyone who may be looking. She jotted down the last of the notes before putting her stuff away.

“Class isn’t over Ms. Parker, don’t put your things away until you hear the dismissal bell.” The elderly female teacher dictated.

“Of course.” May muttered as she dropped her notebook and text book atop her desk with exaggerated hand movement and leaned back in her chair. Her eyes drifted to the clock as she considered asking to use the bathroom. No, Mrs. Hobbs will think it’s just some ploy to get out of school early. She made an unpleasant face as she decided to lean forward, hoping to alleviate some of the pressure in her abdomen. She struggled to keep her hands from grasping her crotch area.

She curled her toes as she took note that she had five minutes until the end of class. So close. She practiced balling and unballing her fists. She felt her hands grow sweaty as she furrowed her brow, pressing her thighs tighter together. She bit her lip lightly as she watched the second hand tick away ever so slowly. Never again! She promised herself again. She shifted her weight again, leaning back in the seat to distract her from what felt like a cannon ball resting in her stomach.

Her usually flat stomach bulged slighty from beneath her t-shirt as her bladder expanded to fit in the extra urine. She grit her teeth tried to sit up straight seem normal. Her breathing rate increased as she struggled to contain her urine. She felt seat begin to form on her brow and her thighs as she fidgeted ever so slightly. She curled her toes more as she felt her urethra tingle as if the urine was just behind the urethra opening, waiting to burst out.

Her legs began to tremble from the strain of holding. Her bladder felt like it was being prodded by a dagger. Relief felt so close! Oh God! How she wanted to just void her bladder and lose the feeling of desperation. She began to swivel in her seat as she fought to keep herself from wetting her pants. She switched to rocking back and forth instead, waiting for the sweet relief the bell would eventually bring.

Her hands began to tremble along with her legs as she tapped her fingers along her thigh. She knew how much easier it would be just to hold herself but it would be so embarrassing. Not that it already wasn’t apparent that she needed to pee, but that act would without a doubt prove she wasn’t mature enough to use the bathroom like a normal fifteen year old girl.

She was shocked to hear the shrill cry of victory the dismissal bell rang with. She felt a single drop of golden urine collect in her panties: a small consolation for freedom. She struggled to shove her supplies into her back pack with shaking hands. She quickly scooped up her bag and rushed to her locker to switch out text books before heading to her house.

It was at her locker that she found her first obstacle. She was placing her literature text book into her bag when it clung to the surface of her hand. This is not happening! She shook her hand within her bag to get it to fall off, which resulted in knocking her bag over and spilling its contents. Not now! She groaned as she shoved everything she could back into the bag and pulled the strap over her shoulder as she kicked her locker shut and jogged to her bus. She found the crowd of people blocking her from the doorway seemed to be all dragging their feet way to slowly.

She grit her teeth as she shoved her way through the crowd, desperate to get to the bus. As if to prove a point her urethra panged. She winced as she felt the urine slosh around in her bladder as she finally emerged outside of the school. She didn’t take long to admire her victory and instead made a beeline to her bus. She silently took her seat and set the bag on her lap, glad to have the weight pressing against her urethra. She tensed up as she waited for the bus to make its route to her house, and less importantly, everyone else’s.

She bounced her legs, thankful to be so isolated in the back of her bus. She grasped the bag by the sides and pressed it further against her lap in hopes it would ease the pressure. She winced as a wave of desperation ran through her body. She curled her toes once more and increased her grip on the bag until her knuckles turned white. She scissorred her legs as she doors to the bus shut and it began to depart from the school. She sighed with slight relief as she watched the school slowly shrink out of sight as the bus crawled towards her house. She began to alternate between bouncing her legs and scissoring her thighs while keeping her ankles crossed in an attempt to contain herself.

Her bag remained pressed tightly against her lap. She felt another wave of desperation cause her body to tremble. Another bead of urine fell captive to her panties. She winced and crossed her legs tightly, she began to fidget as she bus drew closer to her stop. She started to tap the one foot still in contact with the ground as she grit her teeth. So Close. She reminded herself.

With all the pressure of not wetting herself she had once again forgotten about her wall crawling abilities. She whimpered as she felt yet another wave of desperation. She shuddered but managed to keep from wetting herself. She tapped her fingers along her bag as the bus slowed to a halt at her stop. So Close!

She quickly rose to her feet, which resulted in her needing to double over to keep from wetting herself. No sudden movement! She slowly straightened herself out and swung her bag over her shoulder before strolling out of the bus and onto the curb of the street. Soon the bus was driving away and all that was separating her from her home was a block of houses.

She started off by slowly hobbling towards her house when yet another wave of desperation sent her doubling over. She felt a spurt of urine force itself out. She winced as she saw a tiny spec show up on her crotch. No, No, no, no! Forgoing her previous decision not to make any sudden movements she decided to sprint the rest of the block. She moved faster than she ever had before, making it to her house within fifteen seconds. She glanced at her crotch to see a half dollar sized stain on her crotch.

“No!” She howled as she drew her key from her pocket, shoving her free hand into her crotch as she struggled to fit the key in the lock. After a few failed attempts she paced around the door briefly before returning her efforts on the lock. Soon she managed to enter her own house. She tried to shove her key back in her pocket but it was futile, yet another object clinging to her hand. She rolled her eyes and decided to ignore the key. She shoved her free hand into her crotch and sprinted to her bedroom bathroom.

Somewhere along the way the key fell free of her hand. She ignored the minor victory as she clambered the steps and turned down the hall to her bedroom, prying open the door and letting it hang open. Another wave of desperation and she nearly lost her urine. She fought to hobble over to her bathroom door, losing the adrenaline as she began to succumb to the desperation. She winced as she opened the bathroom door and dragged herself into the room.

She found her hand stuck tight to the doorknob. “No!” She was so close to the toilet, but the door knob kept her from ever reaching it. She grunted as she fought to break free of the doorway, she jostled the knob and crossed her legs as she shook and trembled. She felt herself begin to leak into her jeans. The wet patch on the crotch began to increase until it became the size of a coaster. She felt droplets of urine slowly trail down her legs. Seeing the toilet so close seemed to increase her desperation as she finally managed to pull free of the knob and shut the door.

Next the fumbled to undo the belt and rather than simply loosen it she tore it from her waist as she found it another object clinging to her flesh. “Not now.” She flailed her hand and tried to pry it free with her free hand only to find it stuck to the belt. She fought to release the stupid strip of leather as she felt her bladder begin to fail. Hot pee slowly began to slip through her urethra into he panties. It instantly soaked the fabric of her underwear. She bit the belt and tried to yank it from her hands with her teeth, completely ignoring the fact that she had already begun to soak her pants.

The flow began to increase as golden rivulets of hot pee began to cascade down her shapely thighs as the fabric of her skin tight jeans began to glisten and darking as the liquid soaked the fabric before it drizzled below her where it splattered against the ground of her bathroom, forming a puddle of golden pee. She shuddered as more pee began to gush from her urethra and completely soak her jeans and her silky legs.

She finally broke one hand free of the belt, which sent her off balance and fumbling towards the ground. She reached out to grab something and caught hold of the shower curtain. The curtain rob broke free and she and the curtain fell to the ground. Her hand quickly became tangled in the plastic curtain which it stuck tightly too. She gave up fighting and just sat on the floor sobbing as urine forced its way out of her body and rolled down her crotch area soaking the butt of her pants and began to form a ever expanding puddle of pee.

A half hour later her mother returned to find May still stuck to the belt and shower curtain sitting in a large puddle or urine.

“Oh honey!” Mary Jane cried as she instantly rushed to comfort her daughter, the future spider-girl.

%https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcT8jYvV-wGRQzAoWpOusR-yxDdpPJgjJjw9VMDO7Au-cT7qpmuPUg

That ^ is essentially who I modeled May Parker after. The girl is a youtube singer in a band, and I believe she is about eighteen. Anyway I hope you enjoyed the first installment. I won't continue this consistently but I hope you bear with me and enjoy the story:) As always, leave any comments, cristism or feedback below :) I do take suggestions to heart so feel free to help me become a better writer, or inspire me on what I should add in the next or upcoming chapters.

*002*2013-02-24 12:41

{{:

I hope she never back traces her photo. :p

One of the first things I think you could do a little better on is try not to start too many sentences with "She did this"

"She did that" consecutively. It can be a bit repetitive. The overall story was good though. Also maybe have her interact more with people.

}}

I'm hoping she doesn't:P

Yeah, I noticed that I had that a lot as I was posting the story. I wasn't sure how to really change the sentence structure to add more unique sentences so I kinda just ignored it. Thanks, I tend to get caught up in desperation and forget to bring in other characters. Fortunately my plans for the second chapter involve her and her father training so it should involve quite a bit of conversation between the two as well as her mom.

*004*2013-02-24 20:05

Thanks for the tip :)

*007*2013-02-24 22:10

{{:

I'm sorry. I enjoyed your story, but I've gotta be "That guy".

May found out about her powers when Peter and Mary Jane told her that he used to be Spiderman after a basketball game. This was the reason why May was such a good player.

}}

I wish I had known that before hand :P Well thanks for that anyway:)

{{:

Alright, I missed your stories! Are you going to have Gwen Stacy get involved as well?

}}

Unfortunately not. As much as I liked Gwen Stacey she had died before Peter began to date Mary Jane.

*011*2013-02-27 04:33

{{:

Interesting story. It could have used more detail in describing the wetting and most if it in general. Also, on a technical standpoint, try to vary the syntax up and use more active voice.

}}

Thanks, any specific parts I should be more specific about in general?

*013*2013-02-27 22:55

{{:

Not really. The entire thing felt generally rushed and brushed to the side in order to get to the wetting that wasn't described all that vividly. Spending more time developing the characters and scenario, along with more description of people and events would be the best thing to work on for this.

}}

I always have second thoughts on heavy descriptions of wettings. They always seem to grow repetitive so I opt for a short and sweet route. Next time I will try to be more descriptive though, and I hope you will tell me what you think:) You are correct though, this wasn't much of a chapter to really develop anything. Mostly it's just a prologue to the story. I hope you will stick around and give me more criticism in the future:)

*015*2013-03-01 03:37

{{:

I personally prefer not to be too descriptive with the wetting themselves either. It takes away from the imagination which is what makes a story truly good. When the viewer can picture the scenairo you pain and have the wetting happen to their personal tastes.

This was a good start. I enjoyed the creative licencing.

}}

Thanks I'm glad you enjoyed it. I guess I can kind of see his point. The first chapter was so oriented around her wetting and I guess it was a little anti-climatic towards the end:P

*017*2013-03-01 04:20

{{:

I see what he is saying, that is his personal way of writing. I'm just defending you because I write like you XD

}}

Lol, well thanks again :P

*021*2013-03-02 08:06

For whatever reason my computer gets rid of italics when I post on here all of the sudden, so I've begun to do a new thing. I've begun to have thoughts placed between parentheses. Not that big of a deal, just thought I would clarify. The next chapter we get to see May don the spider costume so that should be fun... or not, if you ask her ;)

May slapped her hand onto the brick wall for the umpteenth time that night. Her eyes darted frantically around the dark alley way. Her father was right, she realized. It was much harder to climb walls while suffering from stress. “I don’t need this!” She groaned as she willed herself to cling to the wall. She tuned out the sound of traffic and music blaring from some nightclub nearby. She shut her eyes momentarily and rested her hands on the wall and controlled her breathing before increasing the pressure of her push until she felt a connection between herself and the wall.

May grit her teeth and began to scale the building quickly. Her eyes fixated on the wall and she kept her other senses dull. She didn’t waste any time and before long she vaulted over the ledge of the building onto the roof by way of a flip. May landed gracefully on the center of the roof, one leg splayed out in a black widow-esque pose. She slowly rose to her feet as she pulled the red hood of her pullover tighter so it obscured her face. She surveyed the skyline for any sign of her pursuer. She shivered slightly, despite finding the coast was clear.

She allowed a few moments of admiration for the beauty of New York. Tall pillars of silvery glass and steel rose to the stars, not that any were visible from within the confines of the city. The streets were alive with lights, and crowds of peoples, mostly intoxicated, enjoying the night life. May smirked slightly as she noticed a particular group of young adults stumbling around not too far from her position. Her eyes flicked towards the triangular building of Oscorp Tower. Further behind it rested the “ugly” Stark towers. She shook her head at the joke, name or no name slapped on it, it looked amazing to May.

(At least the view is beautiful) she thought as she stepped towards the edge of the roof. She leaned forward cautiously and admired the drop. She whistled softly at the twenty story fall. “I climbed that pretty fast.” She muttered aloud, appreciating her growing skill. She tensed up suddenly as her head tingled. A tug pulled at the back of her head and she risked a glance back but found the scene void of any threat. None the less she didn’t risk it; her spider senses were never wrong. She took a deep breath to prepare her for the rush of adrenaline before she leaped from the roof.

She dolphin dived towards the street below. Her eyes barely registered the intoxicated crowds below, likewise they didn’t pay any attention to the falling girl. A quick image of her broken body lying on the sidewalk flashed through her mind for a brief moment. May shook the thought from her head as she extended one arm out and extended her fingers except her middle and ring finger, which pressed against her palm. A stream of webbing shot from slender gauntlets along her wrist. There was a distinct “thwip” sound as it clung to the surface of the iconic Empire State building near her, and went taut.

May arced her back as she gripped the strand of web with both her hands and it swung her forward. The wind pushed the hood from her head as her pullover flapped in the wind, slowing her down. She cursed as she splayed out both her legs before her and pulled the web between her thighs as she began to arc upwards as the web neared its end. She released the strand and fired a new one a few building away. Despite the poor choice of clothing, she couldn’t deny the exhilarating rush of endorphants surging through her system as her stomach constantly flip flopped and her hair whipped in the wind.

She continued swinging through the Manhattan sky line, her strands of web barely visible amidst the moon’s pale light. She skirted around a building as she turned from her straight forward path. (The wind resistance will bog me down. If I want to avoid him I need to keep my path serpentine. I’m more agile than him and I need to use that to my benefit.) May thought. Putting her plan into action she weaved between building after building using her web swinging methods. Years of gymnastics granted her nimble air movement as she controlled her swinging with graceful maneuvers that looked absolutey amazing.

Despite her elegant moves May began to feel herself grow weary. Her arms trembled slightly, her superhuman strength could only go so far. She groaned as she sped up her pace and adding more complex maneuvers to her set as she hoped to move out of sight until she found an ideal rooftop to land atop. May spotted a gravel topped roof with a large generator on the center. (What better way to recharge? …That was really lame, even for me) She groaned at her own terrible joke and swung to the roof top. She flipped through the air and launched stones upon impact with the roof top.

May leaned against a radiator as she panted softly. She wished she thought to bring a water bottle because all the web swinging was beginning to takes its toll on her. Even her superhuman endurance was beginning to find it difficult to go on after twelve hours of this abuse. She slid to her butt and checked her web cartridges, making sure she would have enough to keep going.

She exhaled deeply and let her eyes drift to the starless sky. The moon was barely visible behind a veil of all to familiar smog. Even with Stark Industries’ green methods, it wasn’t enough to clear up the skies of Manhattan. She shrugged her shoulders and moved into a lying position. She managed to get her breathing into a normal pattern and was beginning to rise to her feet when she heard the sound of web splatting against a wall.

Her head tingled once more. She tensed up yet again as her eyes darted to and fro, looking for her assailant. A familiar tug at her head directed her attention straight ahead. She back stepped until her calf brushed against the generator. She performed an expert backhand spring and took cover behind it. She held her breath as she heard someone land a top the roof from the opposite side. She slowly inched towards the edge of the roof in a crouched position, hoping to make another get away.

A loud thud resounded as the figure landed a top the radiator. May was quick to react and sprung from her position and instantly fired a web. She was in mid swing when the pursuer fired his own web that caught her shoe. The pull yanked her free of her own webbing and she began to plummet toward the buildings side. The glass panels rushed forward, or rather she did, and she wondered what it felt like to receive extreme lacerations. Thinking fast she fired two separate webs that formed a sling. She pulled tight on the strands as all three strands went taut she was left hanging in air.

May grunted through gritted teeth as she pulled her webs tighter until it sling-shot her free of her pursuer. She felt her sneaker slip off her foot as she lurched forward. She kept her body tight as she soared forward. She spun another strand of web that she used to turn from her path and she began to once again weave through the sky scrapers of Manhattan.

May landed atop another roof top in stride. She favored her leg that still had a shoe as she sprinted across the roof before diving towards the ground once more. She was almost street level when she spun a web that kept her from splattering below. (I will not taunt death, I will not taunt death, I will not taunt death…) She recited sarcastically as she remained low, yet kept out of sight of any civilian. Another spider sense tingle and she risked another glance back to find the silhouette of another web swinger hot on her tail.

(Learn to take a hint) She smirked as she began to ascend with each strand until she was over fifteen stories high. She made a sharp turn into an alley way and began to zig zag between buildings until she lost her pursuer… or so she thought. Her spider senses managed to tingle just before a stream of webbing caught her by her leg. The strand pulled tight and she was suspended by her legs. She squirmed to get free as she glanced at her calf to find the web around the leg of her jeans.

(Thank you May Parker for not wearing skinny jeans for once in your life) She thought as she felt the jeans begin to slide off her waist, revealing the waist band of her black panties. She began to blush as she enacted on her last ditch effort: removing her jeans. She quickly undid her belt and zipper as she was drawn to the top of the roof where her pursuer awaited. (I hate buttons. If I ever survive this I will start an anti-button policy) May swore as she fumbled with her pants button until it came undone and she fell out of her jeans. Her shoe momentarily got stuck in the jeans but a little wiggling and she began to plummet towards the ground just inches away from the rooftop.

May scrambled through the air to right herself and managed to swing a web, once again, just inches from the ground. The toe of her sock gently grazed the ground as her other leg bent slightly as she began to kick them forward to rise forward. Her cheeks remained bright red as she swung through the city in her panties. She released the web with one hand and tugged down on her hoodie to help hide her underwear.

(This is not what I think dad meant by a ‘private’ training session) May groaned as she quickly gained height, not wanting to flash all of New York with her panties. She swung over a rooftop as an impact web collided with her back. “oof!” She gasped as she released her web and landed on top of a large exhaust hood. She rolled over the side and took cover behind the hood as her pursuer landed on the opposite side, carrying her shoe and her jeans.

“You’re losing all kinds of things tonight.” Spiderman teased.

“Shut up.” May blushed furiously as she remained hidden behind the hood. “Just give me my pants.”

“No problem.” Peter laughed as he flung the jeans over to her.

“Hmmph!” May grunted as she slipped her shoe off and began to pull her jeans on. She slipped her shoe back on as her father tossed her, her other one. She caught it midair with a strand of web and slipped it on.

“Your feet stink.” Peter commented.

“Yeah, well so does your foot.” She retorted as she emerged from behind the hood.

“You know, the saying is ‘pants hanging from a telephone wire’. It’s not ‘hanging from my father’s synthetic webbing’.” He teased.

“Funny.” May said sarcastically, making a face at her dad. “Can we go home now?”

“I don’t know. Do you want to show off your underwear to the rest of New York, sweet heart?”

She blushed. “Gross.”

“That’s my girl.” He grinned as she leaped from the building with his right leg and began to swing off towards their home. May followed his suit. She was beginning to feel the training session once again take its toll on her body. She was considering asking for a rest when the snug neighborhood, that she called home, came into view. The streets were quiet as usual and not a light was on, this late at night. (Ryhmes are lame.) May scowled.

The pair of vigilantes both managed to sneak into their own home without catching the eye of any of their neighbors, successfully keeping their identities secret. May grinned from ear to ear as she entered the den to find her mother and her baby brother on the sofa.

“Hello Ben.” She cooed as she kissed the infant on the forehead. “Hi mom.” She waved.

“Hey sweetheart, you seem to be in good spirits.”

“I guess she forgot all about losing her pants.” Peter chuckled.

May blushed and playfully hit her father’s shoulder. “Other than that little incident it was great. It’s thrilling, to fill your hair in the wind as you swing through the air. It’s exhilarating.”

“I’m glad you are enjoying yourself.” Mary Jane laughed at her daughter’s enthusiasm. “I hope you’ll enjoy your gift as much as your powers.”

“Gift?”

“It’s on your bed.”

May grinned and dashed up the steps to her room to find a plain white box used in clothing stores on her mattress. She eagerly bounded over to it and removed the lid. She gasped as she revealed a spider costume. She withdrew the main piece from the box and held it up admiringly. A beautiful spandex suit stylized in a more of a feminine fashion than her father’s but the resemblance was still there.

You know the usual plea: leaves comments, criticism, feedback and suggestions below.

*023*2013-03-03 02:12

{{:

All right! Now that's a father if I ever did read one. I love stories with those kinds of fun-loving characters. The characters are very well developed and the story is well written. There's a few run on sentences to work out though, and some typos. Revising you're work can rule out a lot of those literate mishaps. I can tell from you're writing and personal experience as a wannabe writer myself that you definitely felt the story flowing through you as you rote it. That's a powerful thing to have as a passionate writer. Even if you're not dedicated to it, you do seem passionate when you write. Keep up the good work.

}}

Thanks:) I have the worst time with run on sentences lol. I try to work them out, but I rarely catch them. Anyway thanks for the comment, I'm glad you enjoyed it:)

