The Iron Bladdered Nurse

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2021-03-17 02:18

Hey everyone! Here's my latest story! I keep opening and closing for commissions, so I am sorry to those who are annoyed at the inconsistency. Lot of personal business going on and my own mental health can be tricky sometimes. I am open for commissions at the moment though! So, let me know if you are interested!

***

“Ahhhhhh, fuck! It’s coming out’ screamed Marie, desperately fumbling in her bag for her keys.

Her fingers were trembling, as she slid the key into the lock, her legs tightly crossed together. I pushed open the door to her house and my girlfriend staggered in, as a rivulet of pee snaked its way down her leg. It soaked into the white cotton uniform of her nurse’s outfit, leaving a thin wet line down her body, as she moaned in agony. Yanking down her trousers, she practically fell onto the toilet seat and; unable to get her pink knickers off in time, I saw a wave of hot urine burst straight through them. Too exhausted to hold on any longer, she sighed in annoyance as she started to wet herself on the toilet, pee bursting through her pink panties, causing a large wet-spot to form on them as the pee poured into the basin.

‘You okay?’ I ask, looking at her from outside the bathroom sympathetically.

Marie gave a defeated half-smile.

‘Well, at least I made it back home this time!’ said Marie, as her accident finally came to a stop.

‘True. Work was definitely hectic then!’.

‘You can’t even imagine! I couldn’t find even two minutes to go during my entire shift, I barely had time to drink water to keep going and Sarah annoyed the crap out of me!’.

‘Oh?’ I ask, watching amusedly as she pulls her pee-soaked underwear off her legs, before throwing them into the bathtub in disgust.

‘Everytime we’re on assignment together, I swear she finds a reason to comment on how desperate I look, the woman never seems to need bathroom breaks! It’s not fair’ whined Marie.

‘Ha, she sounds like me!’.

Marie looked at me in confusion, then, her eyes widened in shock.

‘John… when was the last time you went to the bathroom?’.

‘Oooh, yesterday morning I think?’ I answer honestly.

‘What?! If I tried to hold it for that long, I’d have wet myself half-a-dozen times! How do you do that?’.

I shrugged.

‘Just don’t really need to that often’ I explain. ‘If I need to go, it’s never so bad I can’t hold it for longer. Just isn’t really an issue for me’.

‘I wish that were the case, it would make life so much easier. Though, I wouldn’t mind you shutting Sarah up’.

‘How do you mean?’ I ask, confused.

A wicked smile crosses my girlfriend’s face.

‘Sarah’s got a massive ego and if any other nurses need to pee, she won’t go until we’ve all been before her, it’s a point of pride. Sometimes, she holds the entire shift, just so she can rub it in!’.

‘Jeez, that’s uptight! So what, you want me to challenge her to a holding contest or something?’.

‘I’ll get it arranged’ says Marie, cleaning her legs with a damp flannel. ‘I guarantee you she’ll accept’.

‘I don’t know’ I say, somewhat bemused by her interest in organising this. ‘Seems a bit petty’.

Marie frowns, before giving me a look that immediately makes my cock start throbbing intensely, as she pulls off her shirt and unclips her bra; exposing her perky tits. She then walks over and whispered into my ear:

‘If you do, I’ll let you play doctor with me’.

My cock is near-instantly fully hard.

‘Get that holding contest organised’ I say quickly, before picking up my laughing girlfriend and carrying her into the bedroom.

ONE WEEK LATER

Marie and I strolled into the bar, hand-in-hand, as we waited for Sarah to turn up. The place wasn’t too crowded but not too busy either, just as we hoped. Unlike normal for me, I’d used the bathroom a few minutes before we turned up, as Marie told me Sarah would.

‘We’ve agreed that each of us can use the bathroom before arrival but not once we get here, unless we give up. All three of us have the same amount of drinks as each other, at regular intervals. We can all use our own ways to help us hold on, except getting another person to physically help us hold’.

‘You’ve really thought about this haven’t you?’ I said laughing, wrapping my arm around Marie.

‘I want Sarah to stop being such a smug bitch! I probably can’t do it but you have a good shot at it… and if you do, I’ll let you have me however you want tonight’ she said quietly, blushing but with a naughty grin.

My cock hardened at the possibilities and I smiled lustfully at her, giving her a deep kiss.

‘Get a room you two!’.

We both turned and saw Sarah approaching. She was dressed in a pair of light blue jeans and a white blouse, her straight yellow-blonde hair tied in a bun. Where Marie was short, with smaller breasts and a large bum, Sarah was tall, with 32DD cleavage and a slimmer figure. In my already aroused state, I subtly took several breaths to calm myself, as Sarah took her seat at our booth.

‘It’s great to meet you John’ she said, shaking my hand.

‘You too Sarah!’ I smiled.

We made small-talk for a couple of minutes, as Marie ordered the first-round, at which point Sarah grinned wildly.

‘You sure you’re up for this Marie? There’s no shame if you back out now’ said Sarah teasingly.

Though said jokingly, I could see Marie’s frustrated look and a natural defensive instinct kicked in, causing me to go on the offensive.

‘Just be careful you don’t overburden yourself Sarah. It would be embarrassing to watch a thirty-three-year-old woman walk home in soaking blue jeans like a little girl’.

Marie snorted, as Sarah laughed at me contemptuously, a competitive glare in her eyes and smile.

‘Alright then John, you just keep dreaming! Marie says you’ve got a strong bladder! Try not to hold yourself too much when you waddle away to the bathroom’.

I smiled.

This was going to be more fun than I thought.

Over the next two hours, we downed three rounds of pint-glass beer and relaxed, talking about a host of topics. At several points, Marie and Sarah got lost in talk about the hospital and I started scrolling through my phone. However, once we passed that threshold, things started to get interesting. Marie was showing the first signs of desperation, regularly fidgeting; though she was trying to conceal it. Sarah meanwhile was clearly less desperate but starting to show the odd sign. I could see her leg tapping beneath the table, the odd rub on her arm that showed she was restless, as well as playing with her drinking glass.

Meanwhile, I barely felt any need. I could register my bladder no longer feeling empty but otherwise, if it weren’t for the contest, I wouldn’t have thought about it at all. At one point, Sarah looked at me directly and; not breaking eye contact, I raised the drink to my mouth. She watched as the beer passed in-between my lips, her eyes slowly widening as I downed half-a-pint in less than five-seconds, yet showed no sign of discomfort. She watched me for several minutes closely after but I gave nothing away, nor felt any major signs. My still body seemed to unsettle her and she finally gave away the first major sign of desperation: Crossing her legs. Not repeatedly, tightly or fidgeting but it was the first major concession that I had taken the lead from her. I could see it in her eyes: She hated having to do that. I smiled at her.

‘Struggling Sarah?’ I asked playfully.

‘Not as much as you’ll be soon’ she retorted, though there was an edge of doubt in her voice.

As we continued getting drinks, I could see how badly my girlfriend was starting to struggle. Her black-tight wrapped legs were struggling and she was openly fidgeting now, occasionally holding herself too, with her ability to make normal conversation having greatly diminished.

‘Damn it you two, how bloody much can you hold?’ she asked frustrated, as Sarah smiled innocently at her.

‘It’s a talent, not everyone has it Marie’.

However, even as she tried to act confident, I could see how it was starting to really get to her. Her legs had been crossing and uncrossing fairly regularly now for the last half-an-hour and though well-hidden, I’d spotted her holding between a legs a handful of times, never for more than a second or two at a time. Even so, I found Sarah’s ability to hold fascinating. Every woman I’d ever met; apart from Marie, always needed to go to the bathroom so often.

On my first date when I was fourteen, I’d accidentally made my date; Charlotte, wet herself in the park, walking her home, as I hadn’t stopped us for bathroom breaks the whole time. She’d been too shy to ask and I’d completely forgotten about any need to. One moment she’d been bouncing on the spot, as I tried to comfort her to make it the last mile back to her place. The next, a cute red-thong was showing through a sodden pink skirt, with pee dripping off her legs and Charlotte standing in a puddle; sobbing and screaming in frustration.

My cousins Amy and Alicia; both in their mid 20’s, nearly lost control on a road trip where I didn’t stop for bathroom breaks at gas stations more than a half-dozen times. Eventually, they’d demanded I pulled over and had scrambled to the nearest toilets, both only just making it. Even then, I’d noticed damp patches on their crop shorts when they returned to the car; scowling at me.

From family to friends to partners, every woman I’d ever met always seemed like they got desperate way too fast. It was actually one of the things that I’d immediately liked about Marie as a nurse. On our first date; as a trained habit from years of mistakes, I asked a half-dozen times if she needed a bathroom break. She didn’t need to once, even after the cinema, an XL cup of lemonade at the cinema and wine at dinner. It was beyond refreshing and when I learned that she was a nurse, it made a lot of sense.

Of course, she’d had a handful of accidents since then. Shifts that have gone on too long, leading to a desperate sprint to the bathroom while leaking, or a back alley, even once losing it in on my passenger car seat when we got stuck in a traffic jam. But for the most part, her bladder control is very strong. However, I could clearly see that Sarah’s was far, far stronger.

Marie was bouncing rapidly on the spot, her face dripping with sweat and she had long ago given up rational conversation. Openly holding it, she jiggled about in frustration for several minutes, growing more and more desperate to pee. Sarah and I both watched her, as she pushed her hands deeper against her black jeans; even holding tightly inside them at one point, but eventually, she’d hit her limit.

‘I can’t hold it anymore’ admitted Marie, struggling to stand up from the booth. ‘If I go any longer, I’m going to piss myself in this booth’.

I watched as Marie quickly waddled off, her legs tightly clamped together, as she pushed her way inside the women’s restroom.

‘Seems like she couldn’t cut it’ said Sarah happily, very glad she had defeated Marie.

‘Can you?’ I asked calmly, still not showing any signs of desperation.

Sarah frowned at me and, to prove a point, drank more than half her full pint glass of beer in one. For a minute or two, she gazed at me confidently, seemingly sitting still, as if her need had abated. Eventually though, her ego was outweighed by her growing need and I watched smugly as she began to fidget again. Slowly at first but soon, she was regularly shifting in the booth, her legs trembling gently and she started to look seriously pained after we took our mutual drinks together. Just then, Marie returned.

‘Damn you both, you two have ridiculous bladders’.

Sarah smiled but didn’t actually say any cocky retorts this time, her attention now firmly on holding herself.

‘How you feeling babe?’ Marie asked me.

‘Not too bad honestly. Slight twinge but not much else really. Could probably go several more hours comfortably’ I said honestly.

‘Bullshit’ Sarah responded, though her voice sounded worried.

‘Is it?’.

With that, Sarah went back to being quiet and Marie and I watched over the next hour as her desperation got gradually worse. She talked in bursts but regularly started holding herself, at first just subtly, the odd clench underneath her jacket. Then, it became more open and obvious, her hands regularly between her jean-clad legs, even rocking back and forth slightly, as Sarah’s need for the bathroom grew worse and worse.

Meanwhile, while my own need had at least become noticeable, I hardly felt any discomfort. It felt more akin to when you know you could use a bathroom break but could also easily forget about it, if a good film or show distracted you. Sarah was way past that point, her desperation now a clearly visible affair, as her legs were regularly trembling, her feet tapping against the bar floor, while she tightly clenched her drink glass, a few beads of sweat starting to form on her forehead.

Marie; for her part, was absolutely loving this. Though she’d lost the contest, she could see I was clearly winning and was winding up Sarah even further to make it more difficult for her.

‘Hey babe, you remember that holiday we took to the lake last summer?’.

Sarah shot Marie daggers, as I smiled.

‘Oh yeah, that one with the rivers nearby, flowing into it, constantly gushing near our lake-house’ I say, seeing where she wanted me to go with this. ‘It was beautiful wasn’t it, the rain was so beautiful there, just dripping off the trees in the morning, ah, I loved it!’.

Marie shot me an evil grin as Sarah openly moaned for the first time, her face now unwillingly showing the first signs of major desperation, as me and my girlfriend both realised that I was undoubtedly going to win this contest. Sarah however, hadn’t yet come to the same revelation and was struggling on. For the next few minutes, her legs began to cross and uncross rapidly, her bum bouncing up and down in her seat like she was impatiently waiting to stand up, her face a mixture of anger, frustration and fear. Then, as we took our seventh drinks of the night, Sarah let out a high-pitched whine. It was exactly the kind that I’d heard from half a dozen women before, desperate to pee, who knew they could barely hold on any longer. Less than five minutes later, the inevitable happened.

‘Fuck it!’ moaned Sarah angrily, quickly stumbling out of the booth and practically sprinting into the women’s bathroom.

‘Yes!’ cheered Marie, high-fiving me, before kissing me deeply, her tongue going deep down my throat, getting me instantly hard. I could feel her fingers slide over the bulge in my trousers and she gave me an incredible look of arousal.

‘I want you so badly right now’ she moaned through a hot breath into my ear, nuzzling my neck.

‘I didn’t know you were so into this’.

‘You know I’m competitive baby and watching you beat her so easily… hmmm’ she purred at me sexually.

Marie slid her hand over my bladder. By now, I could feel a noticeable pressure but even so, hadn’t shown any noticeable signs of desperation.

Just then, Sarah returned to the table, scowling at me.

‘You did really well, Sarah. I’ve never seen a woman hold it that long’.

‘Shut up you git’ she said frustratedly, downing the rest of her drink.

Marie smiled at me, trying not to laugh.

‘Come on John, we’d better get home. See you on Monday Sarah!’.

Marie and I walked out, stumbling slightly, the drink making us giddy. She was laughing almost the entire way home and kept pulling me to the side of buildings, trees and vaguely out-of-the-way cars, where she kept putting her tongue down my throat, rubbing her breasts against my chest and encouraging me to grope her bum through her black jeans. A few corners away from our apartment, she pushed me onto a park bench; the entire area deserted apart from us in the late-evening, where she fell to her knees and began unbuckling my trousers.

‘Marie, are you crazy! If we get caught-’

I was cut off by the overwhelming sensation as my cock slipped out of my trousers, exposed to the cold evening air, only to be blanketed in the hot warmth of my girlfriend’s mouth. Her head throbbed down the length and I felt my eyes practically roll back in my head, while a deep moan escaped from my lips.

‘Fuck Marie… when are we next doing this?’ I say, half-jokingly, as she cups my balls.

‘Whenever she starts getting bitchy again’ she says, the words distorted by my length inside her mouth. Her tongue feels incredible, running down my shaft and I can feel the tension in me building to a breaking point.

‘Marie, I can’t… hold on…’.

In response, Marie takes my cock out of her mouth and begins sliding down her trousers; exposing a pair of frilly white knickers, which are soon around her ankles. Quickly straddling me, she pulls down low-cut top, allowing me to suck on her boobs as I slowly enter inside her. Marie instantly bites my neck to prevent herself from screaming and I can feel the walls of her pussy tighten.

‘You’re so fucking wet babe’ I moan quietly.

Marie looks into my eyes, raw lust and excitement in them, before grinding her pussy deeper into my cock as we both gasp repeatedly; barely holding back our screams. I feel myself pound deeper and deeper into her slick wet pussy, with her lips all over my neck, as I can feel my ability to hold back slipping. I try to slow down but Marie just bounces on my cock more furiously.

‘Marie… I’m going to cum’.

‘Cum inside me baby. I want you too’.

I didn’t need to be told twice and I moan, as I begin releasing deep inside her; with Marie letting out a loud scream. I look around in worry, scared someone heard us but at this point, I hardly care. She’s mine, I want her, the whole fucking world can watch for all I care.

Slowly, after half-a-minute, my orgasm is complete and I can feel her begin to come down from hers, though she’s bathing in the afterglow; nuzzling my shoulder. Looking into my eyes, she smiles that beautiful smile and we hold each other in silence for several seconds.

‘I mean it you know’ I say breathlessly, as Marie looks at me, confused.

‘When are we doing another one of these contests?’.

Marie smiles, blushing, as we both begin to pull our clothes back on; rushing back home before anyone sees us.

*FIVE MONTHS LATER*

I open the door, as Marie races past me, running up the stairs; doing a jiggling pee-dance as she goes. I smile, walking to the bathroom door as her green nurse scrubs go down to her ankles and a second later, a thick stream of urine jets against the toilet bowl. Marie sighs in relief, as I watch her stomach slowly deflate, the easing pressure clearly relaxing Marie.

‘Better?’ I ask, leaning against the door.

‘Very’, she replies, wiping her pussy clean.

She flushes the toilet, pulling up her scrubs and goes to wash her hands.

‘You’ve been holding even longer than before lately!’ I say, genuinely impressed.

‘Still not long enough for Sarah’ grumbled Marie, annoyed. ‘She’s started to get real bitchy about that again. Apparently, she’s the top candidate for the head nurse promotion next year and she’s really lording it over us. Started to act like she has authority at times, saying we shouldn’t be wasting so long on our bathroom breaks when patients need help’.

‘Seriously? What a bitch, she’s so stuck up! We’ve seen her get desperate like anyone, she needs a reality check’.

Marie turns to look at me, a mischievous smile on her lips, as I frown playfully.

‘What?’.

‘John, that’s it! I think it’s time!’.

It takes me a second to realise it but then I smile.

‘Seriously? Another holding contest!’.

‘She needs it! At worst, it will get her off our cases for a while. She was more subdued for months after our first’.

‘When will we have time though? You’re working solidly for the next month’.

‘You’re forgetting, nurse’s day out next week! The hospital insists we have some ‘bonding time’ at least once every 3-5 months, so, half-a-dozen of us get sent out a time for paid trips into the city for a full day. Sarah and I are on this one and if I mention you’re attending, I bet you she won’t use the bathroom all day, not unless you do first’.

I look at Marie, disbelievingly.

‘You really think I’ll use the bathroom first?’.

She smiled, pressing her back to me, grinding herself against my crotch, causing my cock to quickly stand-to-attention.

‘Nope’, she said naughtily, sliding my hands underneath her top.

‘Okay, I’ll do it’ I said, my mouth already having gone dry, as I massaged her boobs.

She laughed, grinding her sexy bum deep against my cock, as I could feel myself sliding in-between her cheeks; with only thin layers of fabric keeping us apart. Marie purred excitedly.

‘I thought you might’.

*SIX DAYS LATER*

‘Hey girls!’ called Marie, spotting the group of her colleagues, already waiting at the bus-stop. I recognised a couple of them: Jolene, black-hair, pale-skin; huge breasts. Amara, mixed-race, Indian, super-friendly, very long legs. The rest were mysteries to me, though the last one to arrive certainly wasn’t: Sarah Jones.

She was dressed in a white-skirt, just below knee-height length. A tight red shirt covered her chest, though she was showing plenty of cleavage by leaving the top two undone. She had comfortable running trainers on, her hair was freshly straightened and I could tell immediately what was going on. I’d seen it in other girls before. She had gotten herself as comfortable as possible, in the lightest, most relaxed clothing she had, intending to hold longer than I could manage.

I’d seen it before in a study-date I’d had with a girl back in highschool. She’d been prideful about me never needing the bathroom during our work sessions and wanted to prove she could do it too, so she wore a light black-dress and kept finding ways to bend over and flaunt herself to me, hoping it would cause me to get distracted. It had been amusing to watch Molly try this for 3-4 hours.

She’d ended up wetting herself in a public library.

‘Hi Sarah! Good to see you again!’ I say, shaking her hand.

‘You too John’ she smiles, though I can see a competitive glare in her eyes, the same one Marie has.

I smiled.

For the next couple of hours, I joined the nurses as they walked around the shopping centre: Trying on clothes, looking at bags and makeup, a lot of things that sent me scrambling for my phone, in order to scroll Facebook; out of boredom. However, Sarah had my attention. Everytime she took a sip from a water flash she’d brought, I did the same from a similar size bottle I’d brought. Marie had insisted as much.

‘I don’t want her whining after that she held more than you. You’ve got to match her, drink-for-drink’.

So I did. Every time Sarah’s red lipstick lips curled around her water bottle, every time her neck pulsed with the liquid pouring down her throat, I made sure I was there to match it. For a while, I wasn’t sure if she was noticing, though I spotted the odd glance towards me; here and there. Eventually however, two-hours in, when all the others were getting changed in some clothes store that I’d already forgotten to remember the name of, in contrast to all the others, Sarah approached me.

‘You know you won’t beat me this time Jonathan’ she whispered, before I watched as she downed an entire bottle of sparkling water; in less than ten seconds.

I was impressed but kept my face cool, unreadable. Pulling out my own drink, it took me a few extra seconds but soon, mine was downed as well.

‘Let me know when you need to use the little girl’s room Sarah. I’ll make sure they stop at the bathroom for you’.

I could see my mocking words had rattled her competitive side, though I just smiled sweetly and walked back over to Marie, who had just come out of the changing room. The next several minutes passed by uneventfully, until we all walked past a set of bathrooms on the third-floor.

‘Hey, can we stop for a second?’.

The request came from one of the nurses in the group: Jade. Red haired, green-eyed, with boobs like basketballs, she was swaying uncomfortably on the spot. For the last several minutes, in-between trying on outfits, I had noticed her repeated leg crosses, tapping her heel impatiently. Now, it seemed she’d finally had enough waiting.

‘Really Jade?’ said Sarah disappointed. ‘We don’t want to have to stop every five minutes because of your bladder’.

‘Oh don’t be a hard-ass Sarah’ said Marie, annoyed; waving her hand at Jade. ‘Go on’.

The others nodded, as Sarah rolled her eyes contemptuously. Jade power-walked into the shopping mall bathrooms, the sound of running water and toilets flushing making Sarah give the slightest of shuffles. I smirked, realising that I’d spotted the first sign of Sarah starting to need the toilet.

The hours slowly ticked by and; one-by-one, each of the other members of their group started using the bathroom. Some tried to hold longer than others, wanting not to annoy Sarah, yet one-by-one, each had to relief themselves. Amy, Lara, Freya: Skirt, shorts, jeans. Each would begin rubbing their legs together, sneaking in a few discrete holds, then getting more obvious, before finally admitting their need and running off. Amara did well, clearly shy, though I caught her openly stuffing her hand down her panties in a lingerie store, trying to relieve the press. When she noticed me looking, she turned bright red and ran off to the nearest bathrooms before Sarah could even protest.

Jolene went next, having shown a lack of signs, except for tightly crossed legs as we all had lunch, until she finally grumbled and went:

‘Right, I need to go before I piss my knickers!’.

I laughed, though Sarah shook her head at the vulgarity. Despite this, I could see that the pressures were starting to take their toll on her too. While she was nowhere near holding herself yet, there was the odd bit of fidgeting and I could tell that she was beginning to feel the need on a registerable level. Sarah quickly noticed me looking at her and straightened up her body, acting as if she didn’t need to go. I smiled.

‘It won’t last’, I thought to myself.

Within the hour, I was proved right. Things started getting worse for Sarah when Marie finally gave in. She’d been squirming about for an hour or so and had held much longer than our last contest, something I was very proud with her for. However, though she clearly hated admitting defeat to Sarah once more, she liked the idea of pissing herself in front of all her colleagues from work even less. She squirmed repeatedly on the spot in her black jeans for twenty-minutes, growing gradually more desperate as we all went through the various aisles of the store, until finally, she walked up to me with gritted teeth.

‘I can’t hold it anymore or I’m gonna have an accident. Don’t lose’.

‘You know I won’t’.

Marie smiled at me, brushing her hand gently across the front of my trousers; as she smiled at me smugly. Meanwhile, I looked back towards Sarah, who was looking over some jackets in one of the aisles. Well, that’s what she made it look like from a distance. As I silently approached from the opposite end, I could see that the hidden spot actually gave her a perfect place to hide her growing desperation. Her legs were swaying from side to side, I could see a look of discomfort on her face and one hand was gently pressed on the front crotch of her trousers. Approaching, she saw me coming and immediately tried to take on a more relaxed position, though I could tell it wasn’t anywhere near as easy for her right now.

‘You know Sarah, maybe you should use the bathroom. We don’t want to have to clean up any accidents on the way back’.

Sarah blushed bright red at me and smacked my arm.

‘You are not going to beat me this time Jonathan’ she whispered at me, in a hissing tone.

As if to prove her point, she pulled out a water bottle and downed another half of it. Less than last time.

I smiled and did the same. She scowled and walked off, as Marie returned to the store.

Over the next few hour, as we moved into the afternoon, I felt my own need to go starting to grow. It had been there for a number of hours; though thanks to my control had little effect. However, now, it was starting to become a minor nuisance. The unfamiliar sensation of tightness around my waistband, with a slight urge to fidget, feeling almost alien to me. The last time I could remember feeling this was during my school exams years ago and that was more nerves, than holding too much. Now however, for the first time in years, I felt actually uncomfortable from my bladder. Marie noticed my uneasy expression.

‘You okay babe?’.

‘Yeah, just… getting a bit harder to hold it’ I admitted.

Marie looked at me, shocked.

‘You’re not going to…’.

‘No, no, I can still hold on for a good few hours, no problem. Surprised I even need this really. Guess I’m just not used to holding against somebody. How’s Sarah doing?’.

Marie smirked.

‘Well, if you’re starting to feel it, let’s just say that Sarah is already hitting some limits’.

‘Really?’.

‘Oh yeah! She probably has less than an another hour before she uses the bathroom or pees her skirt. I hope she misjudges herself. The others are starting to notice too and she hates showing weakness. This is going to be fun!’.

I laughed.

‘You’re mean’.

‘I’m competitive’ she whispered into my ear, her voice like melted chocolate, as she quickly slipped her hand down the front of my trousers. I felt myself instantly harden and suppressed a gasp, looking around to make sure no one could see us.

‘You’re crazy’.

She smiled devilishly.

‘You win this and I’ll do much more than that’.

As Marie strode away from me, shaking her sexy bum at me as she went, I could see Sarah and the others come out of the changing rooms and what Marie said was clearly true. Sarah’s walking was tense, slow and every time they stopped to look at something, her legs would clamp tightly together, occasionally crossing. I could see a worried look on her face, as she was clearly getting close to a limit. She’d drunk nearly eight bottles of water today and to make it worse, I caught her eye, then drank my own, showing no signs of any real need to go. While I could now feel an uncomfortable tinge, Marie’s reassurance of Sarah’s condition had emboldened me and I could clearly see that I would win this competition.

Sarah; unwilling to admit that yet, drank from her bottle to match me but it was clear that every drop of water rushing into her bladder was an extra bit of pressure. Pressure that, bit-by-bit, she could no longer handle without clear signs of being bursting for the toilet.

As the afternoon lighted turned into an evening twilight, we made our way through the city, towards a nearby bus-stop. Sarah; normally leading the group, had fallen near to the back, unable to walk at the same speed without tearing into her weakening bladder muscles. At one point, Marie turned around and let out a light gasp, which only I heard. Quickly turning, we saw Sarah bent over, pressing both her hands deep into her skirt, her legs crossed and clamped tightly; sweat pouring down her face. She was clearly absolutely bursting and I was beginning to wonder if she could even make it back to her house, let alone win.

Despite her attitude, I felt bad for her. I’d seen plenty of accidents in others before and they always had a negative impact on someone’s social status, usually for months; sometimes worse.

‘Sarah, do you want to stop?’ I asked sincerely. ‘If you hold on any longer, you’re going to wet yourself on the bus. You’ve done well, okay! Let’s stop’.

Sarah turned the brightest shade of red I’ve ever seen, realising Marie and I had seen her desperation and immediately straightened up, to my shock. The pressure on her bladder had to be enormous, I’d never seen a woman hold so much for so long before.

‘I’m perfectly capable of making it home without disgracing myself like a ten-year-old schoolgirl’ said Sarah contemptuously, somehow walking quickly to catch up with the group. ‘Come on!’.

Well, she had at least admitted that her goal now was to make it home, not beat me. Even so, I wasn’t sure she could. The moment she sat down on the bus, she chose a seat by herself; tucked in the corner, where the rest of the group couldn’t see her hold herself. Marie and I could however and practically needed to hold our mouths close to avoid gaping at her. Sarah had both her hands shoved up her skirt, clearly holding herself inside her panties and every-time she wriggled on the seat, her skirt flashed up towards us. She was wearing yellow nylon panties with red hearts on them, with made me feel surprisingly turned on.

The other nurses were gossiping for a while, however Jolene first noticed Sarah’s obvious distress among them and, being empathetic, went to ask if she was okay. By this point, Sarah was clearly on the verge of a full-blown accident, however she practically growled at her colleague’s request to see if they could stop the bus and find her a bathroom somewhere. Together, we all stared, waiting to see how long she could make it.

The minutes ticked by and Sarah’s fidgeting grew worse and worse, she was practically vibrating on her seat now and the others were constantly talking about it, wondering why Sarah had waited so long. We knew of course but weren’t going to say anything. As I watched her, I felt an uncomfortable pang in my own bladder and crossed my legs. Sarah noticed and stared hopefully but I uncrossed them a few moments later, shrugging towards her dismissively. After that, she didn’t look at us again.

Each bus-stop, bump on the road and aggressive turn, Marie and I expected to see a pool of urine flow off her seat. But it didn’t happen. Even as her desperation went visibly beyond the levels I’d seen Marie wet herself at on long car journeys home after her shifts, Sarah continued to hold. I was in awe. I’d never seen anything like it and I was almost rooting for her. Not to win; that was impossible now. But I wanted to see if she could make it.

The others gradually filtered off at their stops, with every mile bringing us closer to Sarah’s house, inch-by-inch, as she sat there, squirming on her seat desperately like a little girl. Soon, I saw a distressed look on her face, as if she had just lost control but then, the bus stopped.

‘Fruitdale Street Bus Stop!’.

Sarah looked up and practically ran off the bus, shocking Marie and I, as she frantically legged it towards her house, about half-a-minute or so down the street. She was clearly in major discomfort but as the bus rounded the corner, Marie and I saw her enter her house.

She had made it.

‘I don’t believe it!’ said Marie, shocked. ‘She looked ready to flood half the bus!’.

‘I guess neither of us won then. Sorry sweetheart’.

Marie smiled at me.

‘Oh, it may have been a technical draw but trust me, she won’t see it that way’ said Marie happily, hugging me tight. ‘Besides, you saw how she ran off there! I doubt she made it home with her panties entirely dry’.

I smiled at that, as Marie gave me the dirtiest look I’d ever seen.

‘To be honest, neither have I’.

I frowned in confusion.

‘What? I didn’t realise you needed to g-OHHHH’.

Marie gently bit my neck and slid her hand down into my trousers, looking ready to jump my bones right here in the bus.

‘God, please let there be a round three to this’.

*13 MONTHS LATER*

‘I challenge you to a holding contest’.

Wait, did I just hear that right?

‘Excuse me?’.

‘You heard me Jonathan!’.

Oh this can’t be happening. This is just too perfect.

It has been over a year since the last holding contest and ever since, I’ve been trying to get Marie to organise another one. I won’t share all the details of what she did to me after we got home; as well as on the bus, however it involved rope, new lingerie and three orgasms for me in one hour. Unfortunately, it seemed like Sarah wasn’t interested. Her near brush with a public accident seem to have subdued her. Marie and the other nurses had mentioned how much nicer she’d been since. She also got the head-nurse job, so I figured she just wasn’t interested in doing that kind of stuff anymore. Too busy. I was disappointed.

Yet now, here Sarah was, challenging me in front of everyone.

I figured she must have been planning and training her bladder muscles for a long time, lulling me into a false sense of security. Yet now, she was striking at the perfect time. More than a dozen nurses from Marie’s hospital were being invited to some medical conference, however in reality, it was an excuse for a long two-week vacation; paid by the hospital themselves. I’d been invited along as well, with Marie wondering why, as it was meant to be nurses-only; no couples allowed. Obviously, Sarah had pulled some strings to get me here.

The other nurses were looking at her in confusion, not believing their boss wanted to do something so childish. Marie was just looking back and forth at both of us, wondering what I’d do. Well, the last two times I’d won, Marie and I had the best sex of our relationship. I wasn’t going to turn that down.

If Sarah wanted a competition, she’d get one.

‘I accept… on one condition.’

Sarah smiled.

‘Name it’.

‘If I win, you have to answer one question, truthfully, in front of everyone’.

Marie looked at me, confused, though I quickly winked at her.

‘Deal. If I win, you can’t use any bathroom for the rest of the trip, without my permission’.

Sarah was clearly confident and I could see what she wanted. If I lost, she wanted to make sure it was utterly humiliating for me. No doubt, I’d not be allowed to use any bathrooms, period, for the rest of the trip. I’d be made to suffer repeated accidents, until I either went home or Marie dumped me from sheer embarrassment. It was a clever revenge… if she could make it happen.

‘Deal!’.

The rest of the nurses with us began discussing the turn of events amongst themselves. Some thought it was childish, others were intrigued to see which of us would win. Marie was giving me one of her hungry lustful looks again and I knew I’d made the right choice. We’d all chipped in to hire a bus, so while we waited for it to arrive, Sarah and I both used the bathrooms at Marie and I’s house, so there could be no accusations of cheating. As she walked out of the bathroom, I whispered to her:

‘I’ll try to be nice to you when you wet yourself’.

‘I won’t be to you when you do’.

She smirked at me as she walked out the door. Her body was wrapped tightly in a dark-blue pair of jeans, wearing black-trainers and a tight red blouse; showing off her cleavage. She was extremely confident she could beat me this time, not nervous and trying to gain advantages, like before. I smiled.

This was going to be fun.

The bus ride was going to be a long nine hours, with five scheduled rest-stops; none of which Sarah and I would be using as intended. Everyone took their seats, Marie sitting by the window, while I was next to her on the aisle seat. Jolene and Sarah were together, with the latter whispering to her:

‘How… beat him… guys can just hold longer… he didn’t need… last year. You were bursting… end… what’s different?’.

I heard fragments of what Jolene said with growing interest, while Sarah just smiled and replied:

‘I’ve been practicing’.

As per our rules for the last holding contests, I would match her, drink-for-drink and vice versa. I saw her open up a large can of fizzy cola and asked Marie for a matching one of Sprite. We both guzzled them down quickly and glanced towards each other, watching the other. Sarah was smirking at me confidently. She must have felt her preparation would give her an edge.

I almost felt bad in not telling her that I’d been strengthening my muscles over the past year as well.

Just in case.

As the hours ticked past, we each drank roughly 1-2 drinks per hour: Usually fizzy or sparkling water. After a short time, people lost interest in not watching us do anything and the rest-stops gradually began to tick past. However, at the third-one, I had noticed Sarah glancing at me several times in the last hour, waiting for me to show a sign. She hadn’t yet shown any visible signs of desperation, so I exited the bus with the others, shocking Marie and Sarah, though they quickly realised why.

Instead of going into the bathroom with the others, I quickly dived into nearby grocery store and bought two 1.5 litre bottles of lemonade. As I approached the bus, I downed mine, throwing the empty bottle into a nearby bin before I’d even re-boarded. I then handed Sarah hers, smiling sweetly.

‘Enjoy’.

Marie couldn’t help but snort with laughter, as Sarah looked at the large bottle, warily.

‘If you don’t think you can manage it, you’re welcome to concede’.

I knew she wouldn’t of course and the accusation hit right at her pride, so she unscrewed the lid and began to drink. Slower than I did; over several minutes, though I didn’t complain. Depositing the empty bottle in the bus waste bins, she settled in with a book and began ignoring me, as I smirked confidently at Marie.

‘You sure that was a good idea?’ asked Marie. ‘That was a lot! Even for you!’.

‘Exactly’ I said. ‘So imagine how much it will affect her’.

To Sarah’s credit however, the hours began to pass and I saw no signs of the desperation I’d expected. Instead, I saw her tummy gradually bulge underneath her shirt, filling up to the level it had been towards the end of her last contest. There, she had barely made it home without wetting herself; or so she claimed. This time however, we’d both already drunk as much and she was showing almost nothing. I’d noticed her readjust her seating position once or twice, but otherwise, nothing; hell, even that could have just been me seeing what I wanted to see from it.

However, as we passed the seventh hour, things began to change.

As the bus was heading up a tight hill lane, the bus swerved, narrowly avoiding hitting a deer; crossing the road at the worst time. Several women screamed and Marie grabbed my arm for comfort, causing me to look up, startled. As I looked around, I saw Sarah gasp, as a second deer shot out, once again narrowly avoiding death. Distracted from me, she crossed her legs tightly and let out a short moan, as I realised what was going on.

Sarah had undeniably gotten better at holding. Far better. But she was still feeling the pressure and that momentary lapse in her concentration had proved it. She had probably started feeling it hours ago, yet whatever practices she’d done, they were very effective in hiding her need. Sarah was impressing me more with each contest. The first time, she’d been an above-average holder, in a career-field where that was already a necessary requirement. Yet now, she was a true master at controlling her bladder needs.

Even so, I could now see that her control wasn’t as iron as she was making it out to be. The first cracks were starting to show. However, as I thought on this, I could feel my own need begin to make itself known: A gentle but noticeable urge, giving me the slightest discomfort to what had otherwise been a largely relaxed coach journey. Regardless, I was determined not to show any signs and I could easily do so for a good time longer. The next two hours passed relatively uneventfully, though for both Sarah and I, our needs become gradually worse. I felt the pressure in my bladder increase to a level where I had to loosen my trousers and was occasionally fidgeting uncomfortably.

Sarah, noticing this, had beamed with delight when it first started, though her own need was soon distracting her from revelling in this small victory, as I saw her legs begin to cross and uncross. Not often but enough to show her bladder was filling, her ability to hide it, slowly failing. However, before either of us had much time to think about this, our bus arrived at the log-cabin we’d all be staying at. It was a huge place, with more than two-dozen rooms and everyone was thrilled for the journey to finally be over.

‘Ah, cramp, cramp, cramp’ moaned Marie, stretching in the cool-evening air, her bones clicking several times.

‘You’re telling me’ I say, stretching out my arms to try and get some feeling back in my shoulders.

‘Cramps Johnathan?’ asked Sarah happily, as she walked past confidently. ‘Hope the pressure’s not getting to you already?’.

‘Only from sitting still too long. You’ll be fine though, all the fidgeting you’ve been doing must have been good exercise’.

‘Dream on Jonathan. See you in the morning’.

Everyone slowly departed into their rooms, with Marie and I quickly changing and falling into bed in our pyjamas. As we lay next to each other, her body resting over my chest, I shifted uncomfortably.

‘You okay?’.

‘Yeah, you’re just… pressing on my bladder’.

‘Oh, sorry’.

I feel Marie’s hand run gently over my stomach, her cool fingers a respite to the warm bulge that is now protruding from my stomach.

‘God, I’ve never seen you hold so much before’ said Marie, sounding impressed. ‘Are you going to be okay to sleep?’.

‘I’ll get used to it’ I said reassuringly. ‘I fell asleep once with a full bladder after my mate Steven’s stag party. Just need to get comfortable’.

Marie gave me a kiss on the cheek and turned out the lights, as I adjusted to find a comfortable rest space.

‘Johnathan?’.

‘Yeah?’.

‘Make sure she loses tomorrow’.

I laugh and kiss her on the head.

‘You got it’.

*EIGHT HOURS LATER*

The next morning, I woke up, with Marie already in the shower. Groggily, I sat up and clutched at my stomach, now bulging larger than I’d ever seen it. Despite this, my need to go felt relatively controllable, next to how much I knew was there. I tried to think to a time I’d drank this much and held this long before, yet none was in my head. I smiled. Sarah’s little game was definitely pushing me to new heights.

‘Hey sleepyhead’ said Marie, stepping out the shower. ‘How you feeling?’.

‘Groggy. You should have woken me; I’d have joined you!’.

‘Running water is the last thing you need right now! Come on, let’s go join the others for breakfast. I can’t imagine Sarah’s doing too good at the moment’.

That was putting it mildly. As we walked in, I could see Sarah constantly fidgeting at one end of the breakfast table, sitting in what should have been a comfortable summer dress. She had a small portion of toast and dried crackers, clearly hoping they’d make her feel less desperate; absorbing some of the immense pressure she was holding. Marie gasped when she noticed it too. Sarah’s belly was now bulged out so significantly, it looked like she was in the early stages of pregnancy and the others were starting to pay real attention to our contest.

‘Hey Johnathan!’ said Amara. ‘How you feeling?’.

‘Feeling good’ I replied, before reaching out to pour a glass of orange juice.

Though she tried to hide it, Sarah visibly winced as I drank it, realising that now, she would have to do the same.

I sat down at my chair, dressed in a white sports-shirt and black shorts with a comfortable elastic waistband. Though I was occasionally fidgeting, the clear lack of stress in my face and body was noticed by the other nurses, in contrast to Sarah’s growing desperation.

‘Hey boss! Looks like Jonathan’s doing a lot better than you. Sure you can beat him?’ asked Jade, pouring a drink of tea for herself almost cartoonishly slowly.

‘Of course I will!’.

Sarah’s tone was aggressive but full of uncertainty and she had good reason to be. By now, everyone could see how badly she was wriggling in her chair, her mind largely distracted by thoughts of the toilet… or failing to make it. Meanwhile, I was sitting there, hardly a step above casually desperate. It was getting to her and I felt my confidence grow that I was going to be the clear winner for the third time.

Finishing breakfast, we all made our way outside, taking up positions in loungers and on picnic baskets to bathe in the morning sun. Almost everyone was relaxed, even me, despite the occasional pang of desperation. Sarah meanwhile was starting to really suffer and over the next two hours, it only got worse. When I ordered a lemonade to sip on my lounger, snuggling with Marie, I could hear Sarah whisper: ‘Fuck’ in frustration, as I gazed over to her; my mouth nearly agape at what I saw.

Her bladder had swollen to a nearly balloon like-level and her desperation was now clearly visible, without restraint. Minute to minute, she was badly squirming on her lounger, unable to lie or sit still for any length of time without holding herself for minutes at a time. Everytime her body looked set to calm down or get back in control, it would only last a few minutes before she would either begin wriggling desperately again or I would buy us both another drink, looking to speed up the process.

‘She isn’t going to make it’ said Marie happily, watching Sarah’s pained expression, as she slid her hands inside her panties; desperately trying to hold on for longer.

I smiled.

‘She never was’ I said cockily, thinking Marie might roll her eyes at my arrogance.

Instead, she practically purred at me and rubbed her hand over my chest; clearly turned on. I laughed. Whatever I got for winning this was going to be absolutely amazing and I was going to win this. Everyone but Sarah could see it, who was badly in denial. I saw Jolene walk up to her as we passed the twenty-five-hour mark, both of us having held our bladders for more than a day.

‘Boss, you can’t beat him. You’re on the verge of an accident and he’s nowhere close. Just give it up, better you answer one question than wet yourself in front of us’.

‘No!’ hissed Sarah, aggressively enough that Jolene stepped back in shock. ‘I won’t give in… he’s… just hiding it… he’s got to be close’.

In truth, I was trying to restrict my desperation to wind her up but not by much. It was certainly the most desperate I’d ever been. I was regularly wriggling now, shifting uncomfortably every few minutes in a way I wasn’t used to, so much so that Marie had even abandoned snuggling me and got her own lounger. Despite that, I knew I was still in control. If I had to hold on another three-hours, it wouldn’t be pleasant but I’d manage. I wasn’t sure if Sarah could last another thirty minutes.

I got my answer when; just over ten minutes later, she lurched forwards out of her lounger, standing up and clamping her legs together tightly, practically bending together at the knees. Everyone turned to see Sarah now dancing desperately on the spot, holding herself with both hands like a little girl, as I rose from my lounger as well. Sarah looked towards me with desperate hope; quite literally, however everyone could see that our levels of desperation were not comparable. Despite being uncomfortable, I was only wriggling my legs together slightly, swaying slightly. If I focussed, I could still stand still for a while.

Sarah meanwhile was practically vibrating in her summer dress. I’d seen it before. Girls I’d been on dates with; before I learned basic social manners, always got into a borderline-insane level of desperation at the end. They’d stand if sitting, hold openly and begin dancing on the spot, as if trying to draw attention to themselves; despite wanting none. Once that happened, unless they found a nearby toilet quickly, it was only a matter of time until they lost control. I’d seen it all through my teenage years and it was about to happen to Sarah now.

‘You’re doing well Sarah!’ I said teasingly. ‘Let me make this easier. I’ll have a drink!’.

Sarah’s eyes widened in horror, as she realised what that meant. Fizzy cola quickly poured down my throat, before I handed Marie the empty-glass, who I could see was staring and trembling with lust.

‘Oh wait… that means… you’ve got to have one now!’.

Amara reached out to hand Sarah a glass, who stared at it for several seconds; as if it were a vial of poison. Reaching one hand from in-between her legs, she took the glass; her fingers trembling and raised the drink to her throat. About halfway through the glass, she stopped and I could see her legs were now wrapped together like conjoined snakes; as her entire body shook violently.

‘You have to finish it boss’ said Marie smugly.

Sarah shook her head and looked up, tears in her eyes.

‘I can’t’.

A second later, the glass fell out of her trembling hands, the sudden noise startling Sarah into jumping back in fright.

It was the straw that broke the camel’s back.

Everyone gasped as a sudden burst of urine raced out from underneath Sarah’s dress, soaking her right leg and running over her black-trainers. Sarah had turned fire-hydrant red and tried to race back inside the cabin but froze after several steps.

‘No, no, no, no, FUCK! I can’t hold it anymore!’.

Her voice was broken and so was her bladder control. Within seconds, I watched in awe as wave after wave of pee burst through her light-blue floral knickers; now showing up through her wet summer-dress. Pee was running down her legs like a burst fountain, spraying out in a dozen streams, soaking every part of her body below the knees. Sarah’s whole body shook with relief, as she began to sob, a puddle forming around her that was already large enough to get people moving back in disgust, yet it was still going!

Unnoticed by everyone else, I heard Marie gasp and saw her eyes widen, her body shaking once with a violent shudder, then again; then a third-time. She looked up to me with a guilt, glazed over expression and I realised Marie had just had a powerful orgasm.

Jesus, what was my girlfriend into?

Still, I had to admit, it was an insane sight. More than three minutes since losing control, Sarah was still peeing intensely; her twisted legs giving way and collapsing her into the mini-pond now growing around her on the tiled patio. The wetness was all over her clothes, her dress was dripping with pee, her shoes ruined and I could hardly imagine a more public, humiliating spectacle than what Sarah was experiencing right now. It was beyond description. Sarah wasn’t wetting herself. She was utterly soaking, no, flooding herself, her clothes and everything around her. Urine and pride, mixed together, flowing through Sarah as she sobbed in defeat.

Eventually, Sarah’s long wetting began to slow. The lake-size puddle around her stopped expanding and her streams of pee turned into spurts, then drips; then silence. A few of the nurses approached, helping to stand her out of the puddle but most were laughing or watching in shock, with little sympathy to the woman who’d once mocked their bathroom breaks, now having totally lost control in front of them.

Sarah looked up at me, her face stained with tears, her body covered in pee.

‘Y-you win Johnathan’ she said, barely holding back breaking into another sob.

Sarah began moving towards the log cabin but I blocked her path.

‘One more thing Sarah. My question’.

Her eyes widened.

‘Please John… please don’t make me’.

I looked towards Marie’s thrilled expression and smiled.

‘Sorry Sarah, rules are rules. My question… did you make it home last time, without wetting yourself?’.

Sarah tried to move around me, as the other nurses looked confused but couldn’t.

‘John please!’ she begged.

‘Did you?’ I asked again.

‘John please!’ she screamed.

‘Did you make it to the bathroom?’.

‘No!’ she shouted, silencing everyone. ‘Alright, I fucking didn’t! I started wetting myself in my lounge! I lost control right in front of my bathroom door and peed right in front of my fucking toilet! Okay! You made me wet myself twice! Now fuck off!’.

Just as I thought. I knew I’d seen a small wet spot on the bus seat after Sarah had left.

This hadn’t just been about winning.

It had been revenge.

And Sarah had lost.

She pushed me to the side and ran inside; sobbing, as some of the others chased after her. A few looked at me disapprovingly, though none said anything, as Marie took my hand and led me inside. Walking silently towards our room, the moment the door was closed behind us, Marie slammed me against the wall and yanked down my shorts, sliding my already hard cock into her right hand, as she began jerking it rapidly.

‘That was the hottest thing I’ve ever seen!’ moaned Marie, as I felt underneath her skirt. Her panties were sodden to the touch.

‘Baby… do you have a kink?’.

Marie blushed at me, smiling. I laughed.

‘You naughty minx! You didn’t just organise this all for revenge did you?’.

Marie slid down to her knees, slipping off her dress in one foul swoop. The last thing I remember her saying, before my cock slid inside her mouth and I lost all ability to think rationally.

‘Nope… but we can talk about that later. Right now… I’m going to give you the fucking of your life’.

Ah. Life is good.

THE END

