Another Story

Author: DreamyMelMel

*000*2011-02-03 04:50

Mrs. Dearmont woke up to her alarm early in the morning. Without thinking, she hit the dismiss button, laid back down and went back to sleep. She awoke to the sound of her neighbor honking his horn outside. She looked over at the clock and saw that it was 7:30. She had overslept and now had just 30 minutes to get to work. She hopped out of bed and ran to the shower. She got in and washed her hair and her body and brushed her teeth. She then got dressed and headed downstairs. She grabbed her coffee from the pot and was out the door in 15 minutes. On her way to school she felt a twinge in her bladder but ignored it because she thought that she would have time before classes started to use the bathrooms.

As she was driving, she hit every red light on the way and had to stop for three buses. She had just five minutes when she parked her car. She ran into the building and went straight into her classroom. She sat at her desk and gave her students a chance to get their homework out and talk before the announcements came on. As she was sitting at her desk, she realized that she had to pee and hadn’t had time to do so before class. She wasn’t worried about it. She would just use it when the students were doing a quiet assignment.

When the announcements finished she stood up and began teaching the lesson. She had this class for two hours and they focused on just one subject. After about twenty minutes into the lesson Mrs. Dearmont was really feeling her bladder. She felt herself fidgeting and not being able to stand still as she was teaching. She was writing on the board and shifting feet. Her bladder was being a pain and she knew she needed to hit a bathroom soon. She kept teaching and she kept moving to keep her control. She had her legs crossed when she had finished what she was writing and teaching.

“Does everyone understand what we have discussed up to this point?” She asked the class. Everyone shook their heads. “Okay let’s open our books to page 154 and complete the first two assignments.” She was walking around helping out. When she was sure everyone had it down, she walked to the front of the room. “There’s something I have to take care of really quickly but I’ll be right back.” She opened the door and walked in the hallway. She reached the bathroom door and went inside. She knocked on the first door but it was locked. She did the same with the other two stalls. She turned around and that’s when she saw the sign BATHROOMS CLOSED DUE TO PLUMBING ISSUE. She was freaking out, her bladder was getting fuller and she was dying to pee.

When she walked back into the classroom she knew she had to get some control of her bladder, at least until the end of the lesson. She sat down at her desk and started grading some papers to get her mind off of her bladder. Her students had begun to finish their assignments and they all came to her desk to check their answers. This helped, because she was able to cross her legs under her desk. When everyone was finished, she looked at the clock and saw that there was still thirty minutes left in the lesson. She stood up and went to the board. She started teaching the second part of the lesson but she was having a hard time holding the chalk and writing. She had to keep shifting and she had her knee permanently bent in. Every second that passed was dire and she was about to lose control. She looked again at the clock, fifteen minutes left. She had her legs crossed and her knees jammed together when she felt a drip.

She quickly walked over to her desk and sat down. She gave out her second assignment and turned her chair so that the students could only see the back of it. She jammed her hands into her crotch and was holding on for dear life. She felt another drop escape and she held on harder. She maneuvered herself so that she was sitting with her heel pressed into her crotch. This helped a lot and she turned and began checking their work from her desk. She turned towards the clock, and they had just two minutes left. She assigned homework and then dismissed her class. This was her free period so she slowly got up off her chair and as soon as she moved her heel she felt a squirt escape.

She grabbed her crotch with her hands and stopped the pee from coming out. She was squeezing and it was getting harder to maintain control. She had managed to walk outside and was on her way to her car. She was going to drive to a gas station to pee. She sat down and put her heel in her crotch but she was dying and felt a squirt escape. She pulled over to the side of the road and wobbled to where she wouldn’t be seen. With one hand, she ripped down her pants and panties and squatted. The second she bent over, the pee exploded from her body in a steady stream. When she was finished she pulled up her pants and walked to her car. She got in and decided that she would never leave the house without peeing again. NEVER.

*002*2011-02-03 17:37

{{:

Nice story :) hope you continue to make more. But It'll be better if you paragraph the story, easier to read

}}

Sorry. in my original draft it was seperated but i just copied and pasted it onto here.

I will make sure to check next time :)

*006*2011-04-09 16:48

Not a show... a comic I saw

