Cassie and David: Being Naughty

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-12-30 14:04

The next day, David and Cassie decided to walk downtown and look around in the stores. David knocked on Cassie’s door. Cassie answered, finishing off a large bottle of water as she did. She was wearing a short denim skirt and a white T-shirt with a rainbow on the front. They walked down the street - it was only 8 or 9 blocks to the main street. As they walked, Cassie kept getting naughty looks on her face and giggling. Finally, David said, "What is up with you?"

"I have a secret!" chanted Cassie. She leaned over and whispered in David’s ear, "I’m not wearing any panties!" David blushed, and admonished her, "What if someone finds out, you might get into trouble!"

"No one will even know," replied Cassie. They walked until they reached the main street. There were small shops all along the street. The water was starting to hit Cassie’s bladder as they started entering stores and looking around. They went into a furniture store and a flower shop. As they left the flower ship, Cassie turned to David. "I really need to pee," she said.

They went into a clothing store. They were looking at some clothes on a rack, when Cassie suddenly jerked her hips. "Th-Th-Oh!" moaned Cassie as a brief pattering sound revealed that she had leaked a squirt of pee on the floor. David saw a few drops on the floor, and quickly dragged Cassie our of the store. "I can’t believe you did that!" he said. "I couldn’t help it.

I-th-have to-th-go real bad." said Cassie. wriggling her knees for a minute before getting her bladder under control. They went into two more stores, and Cassie leaked a squirt of pee in both stores. Having leaked several times, Cassie was feeling a little better. So, they went into the soda shop, and each had a root beer float. Afterwards, they made their way to the bookstore.

They walked through the store to the children’s section. They browsed through the books, searching for their favorites. The root beet, on top of the water, was quickly overloading Cassie’s bladder. She squatted down to look at the books on the bottom shelf, but her bladder was too full. she bounced her hips twice then quickly stood up and started wriggling her legs.

"Th-Oh! I’m-th-going to-th-pee myself!" she said. Cassie gasped, and David heard a patter as Cassie leaked on the carpet. "Oh!-th-David-th-I can’t-th-hold it-th-much longer! Th-Oh!" Another patter as Cassie jerked her hips trying to stop it. "Oh! Oh! It’s-th-starting to -th-come out! Oh!" Cassie jerked her hips and David heard another patter of pee hit the carpet. This time, however, the pattering didn’t stop/ He could see Cassie holding her stomach muscles contracted trying to stop her pee from leaking. "Oh! Oh! I cant stop it. I’m peeing myself!" Cassie spread her legs slightly and uncontracted her muscles. The pattering became a steady splattering as she gave up and peed herself. Because Cassie wasn’t wearing panties under her skirt, the stream of pee jetted straight down without wetting her skirt. Only a few trickles ran down her legs. The stream finally slowed and stopped. David quickly grabbed Cassie’s arm and dragged her out of the store.

"Come on, hurry, before we get in trouble!" he said.

They walked down the sidewalk, where David got some napkins from a hot dog vendor. He then led Cassie to an alley, where she went behind a dumpster, to wipe and dry herself off with the napkins. When Cassie re-emerged, David said, "Are you crazy!? You can’t go around peeing on people’s carpets! What if they call the police!?"

"I didn’t mean to," replied Cassie, "but I really couldn’t hold it anymore."

"Well, next time at least get outside, first." They started walking home, then Cassie suddenly dragged David into an alley. "I have to go again," she said.  "Already!?" asked David. "All that water," said Cassie. She led David over to a dumpster. Standing next to it, Cassie spread her legs somewhat and let go a stream of pee onto the ground from under her skirt. After less than a minute the flow trickled and stopped. Stepping carefully out of her puddle, Cassie rejoined David and they walked home. 

