Marvel Vs. D. C. Omo Fanfic

Author: MsFortune-Take

*000*2017-06-03 22:15

So I have decided to write a Marvel Vs. D. C. Omo Fanfic and I was planning on writing the first three days but I only wrote 1 and ran out of time. I'll upload the next two days later. Past that I have no plans :P. Anyways, here's the first day of it. I'm sorry about Selina not acting like Selina and that it probably kinda sucks.

Part One

Marilynn Lynn pulled out a lock-pick out the pocket of her skin-tight, black cat outfit. She wore a cat outfit because she idolized Catwoman, she loved her ever since she got into the crime business. She was about to break into a jewelry store. The suit had short cat ears so they didn't stick out and it had a cat mask that had whiskers and large see-through yellow eyes. It lacked a tail due to her fear of it poking out and triggering something. She had short blonde hair and shiny light green eyes, she had red lipstick under her mask and she was pretty short. She was very light and flexible and great at aerobatics, she had a lot of stamina, she could run for hours, she was incredibly swift as well. She could out match almost any normal person in a fight using her speed but her defense relied mostly on gadgets she created and built.

She opened the door and realized she was in the bathroom, she also saw three girls dressed in guards uniforms staring at her. She quickly jumped, pinning one down and kicking the other two in their faces. One falls down and lands pretty hard on a corner and stays down, the other falls back a bit and leans against a wall. Marilynn stands on the guard she pinned down's throat and slammed the other guard's head against a wall, knocking her out. She pins down the last guard again and held her hand onto her mouth as she screamed.

She pulled out a tranquilizer and injected it into the guard and in seconds she passed out. Marilynn looked at the stalls, she felt her bladder twinge a little, she didn't realize this until now but she could really use a toilet break. She opened the stall door and went in but then remembered, she's in a full-body skin-tight suit, which isn't easy to get in and out of whenever you want. She groaned and shifted weight from foot to foot, thinking about what to do. She figured she could hold it until after the robbery, it's not like it would take that long anyways, it's just a jewelry store.

She tied up the guards together with duct tape and taped their mouths shut and placed them in a stall to hide them. She slowly opened the door and looked around. There was no one around but two cameras looking down two corridors, she walks slowly under one of the cameras, until she realized there was a camera just above the bathroom door. The camera sees her and an alarm is triggered. She runs back through the bathroom and out the store, using a grappling hook, she climbed up a neighboring building and pulled out some binoculars, watching from a distance. She notices a woman in a shiny leather black suit on the roof of the store, quickly whipping onto another building. She could identify that woman anywhere, it was her idol, Catwoman. She couldn't believe this, she whip to the building across from her, and from the look Marilynn saw, she knew Catwoman saw her. She made her way to Marilynn and stood in front of her, with a face that could only be described as annoyed.

This is perfect, just perfect! Out of all the ways she could meet her idol, it had to be because she messed up a robbery they were doing. She took the cat-mask off and began to sweat profusely out of nervousness and shame.

"I-I'm sorry Miss Catwoman! I swear it was an accident!", Marilynn began, looking down in shame.

Catwoman rolled her eyes, "Kid, maybe you should stick to robbing people or convenient stores and leave store robbing to the big girls.", she said. Marilynn was slightly offended, she was an 18 year old (well, 18 in a week) woman, she was not a little kid.

"Excuse me, Miss Catwoman, but I've done this since I was 16 (well, a week away from 17) and I know how to rob a store, this is not my first rodeo! I swear this was the only time something like this happened, I usually see all the cameras and avoid them.", she explained.

"Yeah, I doubt that.", Catwoman said.

"I could prove it, if you could let me come with you I'll show you I'm a great robber!", Marilynn says confidently and nervously, was she really about to argue with her idol?

Catwoman laughed, "ok, here's a deal, I was planning on robbing a bank just outside of Gotham, if you join a robbery with me and if we get caught, I'll take 10,000 dollars from your bank account, however, if we don't you get 75% of the loot. Deal?", Marilynn couldn't believe this. Not only was she about to go do a robbery with her hero but she was going to make more than her?! Only for a simple bank heist?! She's in!

"You're on!", Marilynn said. 'You're on... urine... oh crap! Is still need to pee! Oh well, I can hold it. Ohhh, this suit is really crushing my bladder! I probably don't even have to go that bad, but this suit is squishing my bladder, making it feel full. Oh well, this won't be that hard.', Marilynn though as she shifted weight from one foot to the other.

"Alright, get in my car", Catwoman says as she get in the driver's seat of her car. Marilynn got on the passenger side of the car and laid back, crossing her legs. Catwoman begins to speed down the road, causing Marilynn to sink further down into her seat. This catches her by surprise and she leaks a little, but thankfully her suit was black so it didn't show. They sped down the streets to the bank and park far away, they then watch the bank from the roof of a building across it.

"Alright, now it's time for you to see how a real bank robber does things", Catwoman says, "what's your name anyways?"

"Marilynn", Marilynn replies, Catwoman slaps her in the back of her head, "not you're real name you idiot! Like how I'm Catwoman but obviously my real name isn't Catwoman, what's yours?", she explains.

Marilynn shrugs, "I don't know, never thought of one"

"Yeah, well you're SneakCattack now", Catwoman said.

'SneakCattack, kinda cheesy but I like it.', she thought as she pulled out binoculars and watched around the store, she decided to grappling hook to the roof of the bank and slide there. She quickly and quietly to the door as she begins to lock-pick the roof door. Catwoman whips to the roof and meets SneakCattack there.

"SneakCattack?! What are you doing?! There's probably an alarm system and-"

"Calm down, I've already got that taken care off", SneakCattack says as she pushes the door open. There is no alarm and SneakCattack quickly slides down the rail to the top floor, just below the roof.

SneakCattack lock-picks the next door and opens it slowly to see a guard, Catwoman walked up to SneakCattack. "Do you see anything?", she says loudly, alerting the guard. SneakCattack quickly shoots a tranquilizer dart at his head and pulls him into the room with her grappling hook. She hid him under the stairs and waited for the alarm to trigger, but nothing happened, the security guard must have been looking away from that camera and the cameras must not have audio.

"I think the guard was looking away from that camera screen and the camera's must not have audio.", SneakCattack says. "That's good", Catwoman whispers. SneakCattack lightly slaps Catwoman in the right arm. "Stop fucking talking so loud!", she quietly yells, Catwoman laughs quietly. "Just help me find the security camera room.", SneakCattack says. Catwoman points to a room across the stairwell and loudly asks, "Is that it?". SneakCattack pushes her against a wall and covers her mouth, she pulls her fist back aiming it at her, if she wasn't her idol she would be locked behind some bars in the Arkham Prison with some pretty dark bruises everywhere.

SneakCattack used her grappling hook to quickly zoom to the other side when she saw that the coast was clear, followed by Catwoman. She pulled out a knife that heated up to 1000 degrees Fahrenheit when activated. She whispered to Catwoman, "keep an eye out for any guards" as she cut the lock bar of the door and opened it wide open. There was a guard inside so SneakCattack quickly ran up to him and held the knife at his throat as she pulled out a syringe.

"Hey, Sneak, there's two guards coming up the stairwell right now", Catwoman said. SneakCattack stabbed the guard and he passed out, when she turned around and looked at Catwoman she saw her just stand there and stare at her. SneakCattack groaned and shot out of the room, jumping out of the doorway and shooting both guards with a tranquilizer dart from her wrist. She readied her hand like she was about to slap the shit out of Catwoman but she heard a "Hello? Hello?" from the guard's walkie-talkie. She quickly ran to it and answered it, "uhhh... I'm sorry, I saw down and accidentally hit the button", the voice responded, "oh, ok" and hung up.

SneakCattack picked up the two bodies and threw them in the security camera room. She felt a twinge in her bladder and had to hunch forward and grab herself a little, she felt pretty desperate to piddle, but she couldn't leave the operation with four unconscious guard and she DEFINITELY couldn't trust Catwoman all by herself! She'll just have to hold it and delay nature a bit. She looked through the cameras to analyze her surroundings, it was a three story bank, two story bank with an indoor balcony as a third floor really, there were quite a few guards, 12 to be specific. She was going to have to either rob the place behind everyone's back or knock everyone out, the latter seeming to be much easier. She crossed and uncrossed her legs constantly to avoid her bladder being a distraction. Catwoman walked around for a bit and whistled, she was pissing SneakCattack off, a lot! She decided that she needed to get rid of the guard answering the radioes, then it should be a piece of cake.

She was about to walk down the stairs but Catwoman tripped her and she was about to fall forward but did a cartwheel down the stairs and landed on her feet. She gave Catwoman a very furious look that was covered by her mask but she knew, she knew very well that SneakCattack was mad, and it was nearly impossible not to burst into laughter. She angrily walked down to the second floor and snuck around to see if the radio room was down their, she didn't know which room it was in. There wasn't exactly a giant sign that yelled "RADIO ROOM".

She saw a guard and quickly ducked behind a corner, Catwoman walked into the corridor and pointed to him, "hey, look at this dude's mustache. It looks like-", she is cut off when SneakCattack pushes her and shoots the guard in the lung with a dart. "Did you say something?", a female guard called out, she walked into the corridor and saw the other guard laying on the floor face first. Before she knows what's going on, she is pulled by SneakCattack's grappling hook and she was holding her up with her forearm by the throat so she wouldn't yell. She could see her angry eyes through the yellow eyes and must have gotten pretty scared because next thing SneakCattack knew she heard a loud hissing noise and was standing in a large pool of urine. It wasn't her puddle of piddle though, it was the guard's, she gave a face with a mixture of embarrassment and fear.

"I-I-I...", she began until SneakCattack punched her lights out with all the rage Catwoman gave her. She fell down face first into her puddle, her shirt now soaked along with her pants and SneakCattack was pretty sure the guard's radio short-circuited from the urine. The guard's pee got on SneakCattack's outfit but it just rolled off since it was leather, but the sight, smell, and feel of warm pee on her caused her to break into a mini-dance. Catwoman giggled, she didn't notice SneakCattack's little dance. "Pissy cat, pissy cat", she sings jokingly when she sees the guard pee on her. Hearing the word 'piss' only made her need much worse but she wasn't about to do a potty dance like a little girl in front of her now-semi-idol, so she decided to grind against a railing. "Come on", Catwoman said, "we've got more guards to get rid off, you can't just grind things when we're in an operation", Catwoman explained. SneakCattack stopped and snuck around to find the room.

What the fuck is happening to her right now? She was about to pee her pants next to her idol who was determined to make sure she failed. If she went back in time and told her younger self this should would have called the crazy house. She snapped out of this thought when Catwoman tripped her, and again she did a cartwheel so she didn't fall down and cause a ruckus. She stopped and clenched her hands into a fist and presses her legs tightly together, Catwoman thought it was because she was mad at her, but the actual reason was because she felt a tiny spurt and wanted to do a full on potty dance right there but couldn't, her semi-idol was watching and giggled. She felt tingles come up her spine, but her fears were put to rest when she heard Catwoman said "I love annoying you, you get so mad!". They continued to sneak until they passed the radio room.

"Hey, maybe this is the room", Catwoman says loudly. On the other side of the door, a man asks "who's there?". SneakCattack pushed Catwoman out of the way and cut the lock-bar and pushed the door open, picking the guard up and slamming his head onto the table. With the radio and cameras out the rest of the mission was a piece of cake, just shoot all the guards or knock them out by beating them up. Then they opened the safe with SneakCattacks knife and spent 2 hours loading the doe into Catwoman's trunk. That day, SneakCattack learned that 2 hours + a mind-numbingly tedious and boring task + a full bladder =/= a good experience.

When she got into Catwoman's car she was on the verge of an explosion and her skin-tight suit crushed her bladder. She tightly crossed her legs and squirmed in her seat with both hands in her crotch. Catwoman gave her a confused look, "the robbery is over, we have all the money and everyone is still unconscious, why are you so nervous?", Catwoman asked. SneakCattack had to think do a lie, she wasn't about to say "oh, I'm about to pee my suit because I've been bursting for a pee for the last three hours", especially not in HER car! "I always get nervous after heists, I always feel that we're being watched and followed", she explains. Catwoman shrugged, "I understand, after a few big heists you'll get used to it and understand that no one knows", she explained. They made it to Catwoman's base and she sighed.

"I guess I lost kid, once I cash in the money, you get 75%. You won even when I tried to make you fail... to an extent of course! You're almost as good a burglar as I am with those gizmos", Catwoman said. SneakCattack smiled, there were two things she could think right now, "Holy shit! Catwoman just accepted defeat AND admitted that I'm a pretty good robber! Oh my god this is the bestest day ever!", and "Holy shit, I need to pee so damn badly!". SneakCattack felt so complemented by this, she felt a bit cocky at that point.

"Well, almost as good as a burglar as I am", Catwoman said. "Nope, how about another bet? I bet your I'm the better burglar!", SneakCattack said smiling as she took her mask off. Catwoman smiled, "alright, you're on!", "Ugh! Urine! Urine! Urine! I need to pee so damn badly! I gotta goooo!", SneakCattack thought as she bounces a bit. "How about this, we both go out and rob something, whoever gets the most money out of their loot wins, we meet here tomorrow at 11 o'clock PM", Catwoman says. "You're... Agreed! Fair game!", SneakCattack says. Catwoman smiled, "great, prepare to lose! Now get out!", she said as she got out of the car. SneakCattack got out too and left her hideout.

As soon as SneakCattack was out of the hideout she took off down the street as fast as she could with her hands in her crotch. Every thirty seconds she would leak and after every leak she ran faster and faster. She ran faster than she ever ran in her life that night, well, technically that morning, the sun began to come out. She made it to her house with her outfit drenched but you couldn't tell by how dark it was. Her parents weren't there (she was going to move out in a week) and so she unlocked the door with her key in her pocket and she dashed to the bathroom. Lucky for her, it was just in front of the entrance door.

She ran in the bathroom and looked away from the toilet, she quickly unzipped her outfit and began to pee herself. She practically jumped on the toilet and finally let loose. Her outfit now down to her shins, she didn't have time to take her panties off, she was pissing forcefully into the toilet below her through her panties. She moaned so loudly in relief that she was pretty sure she woke the neighbors up, heck the loud ass piss stream probably woke the town up! For a few seconds she couldn't even hear her thoughts past the loud stream. She relaxed and breathed deeply, she finally relaxed after 3 hours of distress. She felt her bladder slowly deflate and after about 2 minutes her stream died out. She felt amazing! It felt almost orgasmic! She rubbed her now tired bladder and gave a deep breath of relief.

She pulled the handle on the toilet to flush it, but it didn't flush. She got up and looked at the toilet, the water rose, she guessed that her toilet was stopped up. She looked down at her pink panties, obviously there was a large stain, she didn't think that the stain would wash out. She was going to fix the toilet later, right now she was thinking about a place to rob to out-profit Catwoman. She thought about one place that anyone with young children or any historian or archeologist would know is full of expensive stuff. The museum.

Please tell me what you think and offer some criticism :) sorry that it's not very good 

