Very private lessons

Author: goocy

*000*2015-11-23 05:20

Fiona stepped into the cabin, closed the heavy curtains, and slipped off her jeans and panties in one motion. She couldn't help but glancing down at her naked legs, and started to feel upset immediately over the clearly visible hair. She had just shaved two days ago, and her vulva had already started to get stubby, pimply and itchy again. At another occasion, she would have searched for her tweezers and dealt with the annoying black strands on her thighs.

But today, she didn't have the time. She was a bit nervous, but also excited for her fourth lesson. With two quick pumps with the wall dispenser, she put a cold blob of lube onto her palm. She held her palm flat to pre-warm the lube. Her lady parts were feeling swollen and slightly sticky already - maybe she didn't even need the lube today. But those were the rules, and Fiona figured it couldn't hurt either. One-handed, she pulled out the special pair of pants from her backpack. She spread the lube on the soft dildo that was attached to the inner seams between the thigh sections.

She maintained her grip for a few seconds to make sure that it was charged. Yes, it heated up nicely, and had already started to stiffen too. Fiona wiped her hands on a towel on the wall, and carefully stepped into the two leg holes. With slightly bent knees, she slowly pulled up the waist band and maneuvered the warm dildo into her vagina. This time, she finally managed to do that without getting lube onto her thighs. She threw her clothes into the backpack and pulled back the curtains to exit the cabin.

Walking didn't work completely normally with this thing between her legs, but Fiona figured it was like walking with high heels, and she'd get used to it with a bit of practice. It wasn't too uncomfortable, either. Just a bit unusual.

Martha seemed genuinely happy to see her. "Fiona, I'm so glad you're here. Just sit down, make yourself comfortable! Anything to drink? Orange juice?"

Fiona, feeling suddenly flustered, just managed to smile back and nodded in response. While Martha waltzed into the adjacent room to fetch two drinks, Fiona put her backpack down quietly on the hardwood floor and sat down stiffly on the edge of the enourmous blue armchair. Sitting down created a sudden pressure, which felt uncomfortable. The dildo softened almost immediately, and Fiona relaxed her pose and sat back.

Martha re-emerged, with a radiant smile on her face and two large glasses in her hands. Her loud steps were only barely muffled by her warm slippers, and her loose silk pajamas scrooped with every move. With barely concealed excitement, she declared: "I found a very nice story for today. It's even one of my favorites. I'm curious to see if you like it too!". She gave the orange juice to Fiona, and set down her glass of water next to her own armchair.

In Fiona, excitement, curiosity and anxiousness seemed to flurry together. "Is it... anything like... our second lesson?", she asked tentatively. Martha took a moment to sit down, to switch on the reading light and to reach for the book. She sat in an island of light, with Fiona almost vanishing in the surrounding dimly lit room. "No, don't worry. I want you to enjoy my stories, not to be scared of them. Today's just about some friends having fun on summer vacation."

Fiona exhaled, relieved. Meeting Martha's gaze, she exclaimed with fresh confidence: "OK, I'd like to hear that." She took a sip of her drink, grabbed the large blanket and wrapped herself into it. Warm and cozy.

Martha leaned back, lowered her reading glasses and opened the book.

She started to tell the story of a young couple, going on a beach trip together. She made sure to explain their relationship and interactions in detail. During the trip, she described the driver, Larry, to be desperate for a bathroom break. Fiona picked up on this detail and remembered that she needed to pee too. When the group arrived at the ocean, Larry ran straight into the water and peed into his swimwear.

Fiona, with the official permission to copy everything that happened in the story, was glad for this opportunity.

After a quick glance to make sure that Martha wasn't looking, she put her legs together under the blanket, and built up a bit of pressure. She was rewarded with a warm spurt of pee. Now that the dam was broken, she allowed herself to relax and let a small stream flow out of her labia. When the warm liquid started pooling between her legs, Fiona laid her arms onto the armrests, relaxed her fists and closed her eyes. Her eyelids were fluttering from quiet joy. She really liked feeling this slow release of pressure. Even when she was in a hurry, she usually tried to draw out her peeing sessions for this reason. She mentally followed the sensation of timid warmth slowly extending inch for inch down her lap.

The soft hissing of her stream quickly became an inaudible pulsation, and the pool between her legs filled up higher and higher. Only when the first rivulets started to roll down on the outside Fiona's thighs, she opened her legs slightly. She felt the flow of a dozen small tiny trickles that ran down her inner thighs and passed effortlessly through the fabric of her pants. The liquid was soaked up immediately by the soft seat of the armchair, leaving only a quickly vanishing wave of heat under Fiona's legs. With a hint of regret, she clenched, stopping the flow. Her pelvis responded with a pulse of desperation. Fiona fought it down and relaxed again.

When paying attention to the story again, she realized that she must have missed a couple of sentences in Martha's story. Larry and his girlfriend Sue were already busy having slow sex in a tent. That was quick! When Fiona listened to the descriptions, she realized that she felt somewhat envious of Sue's joy. She decided to copy a few of the events for herself. In response, her dildo started pulsating slowly, and got somewhat warmer and stiffer. With every slow pulse, a wave of comfort spread throughout her body. That was very satisfying for now, so she ignored the rest of the sex section.

Martha wrapped the sex up quickly, and moved the story to the middle of the night. She described Larry to be sleeping, and Sue waking up from a small urge to pee. She needed to decide if she needed to get out of the tent, or if she could stay in the warm sleeping bag. Fiona was feeling very sympathetic to Sue's struggles. The dildo's continuing and comforting slow pulses were being tainted with the occasional wave of her own desperation. Without thinking, she stuffed a flap of blanket between her legs and pressed it up with her hand.

In the story, Sue came up with an idea in her sleepy haze: her sleeping bag would be able to let the pee pass through unimpeded, if both sides were wet at the same spot. So Sue licked her finger, touched the sleeping bag with the wet mark and tucked the two layers of thick fabric between her thighs. With her wet finger in the correct spot to lead the flow, she relaxed and opened the flood gates.

When Fiona listened to these words, the pulses in her vagina became stronger and picked up the pace. But even if the comfort started to become waves of pleasure, they created a deep longing for much more. Fiona intuitively pressed her hand into her vulva and followed the rhythm. When Martha explained the muffled sounds of sleepy Sue's pee spreading through the sleeping bag, Fiona couldn't manage to fight down her own desparation any longer.

When the next hot trickle began to escape her body, she realized that clenching up again would stop her continuous waves of pleasure, and decided to let it go instead. Because Fiona was quite warm under the blanket already, the stream didn't feel much warmer this time. She noticed a prickling sensation along her vulva, and a steadily increasing soft hissing noise. Her hot yellow flow passed the fabric of her pants without resistance. The flap of blanket between Fiona's legs started to soak up the stream. A darker spot appeared on the folded edge, extending covering a belly-sized part of the blanket. Fiona was now fully occupied with her pleasure pulsations.

The dildo softened and hardened in perfect sync with her hand movements, and her rhythm became faster and faster. Fiona's legs were now fully spread under the blanket. Although she didn't realize it, she was peeing with full force now. The dark spot on the shaking fabric grew bigger quickly and developed a few longer dark spurts. The wet blanket didn't muffle Fiona's peeing sounds as well as before, so she noticed that her hot flow made the occasional light bubbling and bright hissing sound.

When the ever-present waves of pleasure started to overlap, they suddenly became much bigger too. When a particularly large wave rolled along, Fiona rubbed a million little circles into her crotch and clenched up her pelvis in defense. She was suprised that the wave came through despite her efforts. She let out a small "Eek" and held her breath. As if putting her heads through the clouds, Fiona emerged on top of the wave in an endless field of bliss. Her body and mind became a seemingly endless series of pulsations and heat waves. Unable to form any other thought, she started counting the eternal pulsations.

One, two... With every wave, her continuing pee flow merged into the warm, wet blanket, showering her hand with a series of soft warm trickles.

Three, four... The dildo had stopped pulsating a while already, and the pleasure waves were now only coming from Fiona herself.

Six, five, six... The pee flow became slower and slower, and finally subsided completely. Detecting the falling temperature, the blanket started processing the liquid. The dark spot became lighter and lighter within seconds.

Five, five, five... When Fiona's counting started to break down, the pulsations were gone. She gasped for air and let out a big sigh, and then she released her hand from her crotch.

She was feeling very warm suddenly and needed to get rid of this blanket quickly. The blanket was dry already and Fiona unwrapped herself effortlessly. She let it fall in a small pile next to her armchair and reached for her drink. The orange juice was still cold and refreshing.

Martha had never even skipped a beat in her story. In a calm voice, she finished the fictional day by explaining how a satisfied Sue was falling asleep, cuddled up to her boyfriend. Then she closed the book, raised her reading glasses and turned around to Fiona with a bright smile. "That's the story for today. So... did you like it?"

Fiona needed a moment to compose herself. Then she sat up in the seat, with her breathing becoming more regular, and with her face still flushing. With stiff movements, she stood up and performed a tiny bow out of pure confusion. "Thanks for the story, Martha. It was very nice."

Martha chuckled lightheartedly and stood up too, starting to pack up her things. "See you next week, Fiona!"

###

Thanks in advance for any piece of feedback!

I have some more ideas to extend this story, but not enough for a full series yet.

So if you have plot suggestions, I'd like to try to include them.

