Daniel and Amy - Page 30

Author: Barry

*728*2017-05-01 12:58

Sorry for the delay. I've been very busy lately, and haven't had much time to update. Plus, a couple of times I've started, getting nearly to the end, only to find that for some reason the site isn't saving the data like before. I've always been able to log out, and come back to it later, but now, it just vanishes, so I will need to complete an entire chapter in one hit, where I usually just come back to it. Don't know why.

Anyway, here we go.

Chapter 16:

Dan was relieved when Amy left the room. He certainly appreciated her support, but he could feel more tears forming, and he'd already cried enough in front of her and his friends for one day. He pulled his socks off, then his shirt and soaked shorts, and turned the shower on. As soon as he stepped into the water, his bladder let go again, and he stared at his penis in despair, as an uncontrolled arc of urine shot from the tip, mixing instantly with the shower water, and disappearing into the drain.

That was the final straw, and a strangled sob escaped him, and fresh tears ran down his smooth cheeks, mingling with the dirt, and he laid his head against the tiled wall and silently cried, feeling a stream of snot running down over his lips as he let himself go. He sobbed for a short while, before finally composing himself, at putting his head under the water, scrubbing at the dirt, snot, and tears that had enveloped his face.

Meanwhile, in his bedroom, Amy was holding court in front of his friends. Nobody spoke at first, until Scott broke the silence with a hushed "Wow."

Amy looked at each boy in turn, ready to go on the offensive if necessary, but every boy dropped their eyes from her gaze. It soon became apparent that she wasn't going to have to attack anyone, physically or verbally.

Ali cleared his throat. "So what's your story Ames? Have you got a tiny bladder like Dans?"

"Not exactly," she replied, feeling relieved that they seemed to be more curious than aggressive. "I had an accident when I was little. I used to go horse riding a lot, and one day........" and she continued telling her backstory.

As she told her tale, the trio of boys listened in amazement, with Scott being particularly interested. He was almost obsessed with her story, as it resonated on a deeper level with him that his friends probably couldn't comprehend.

As an older bed wetter, he was so used to his parents and doctor assuring him that he wasn't alone, and that other big kids had the same problem that he did. He knew it must be true, otherwise companies wouldn't make the pull ups that fitted him, but until recently, he'd never met anyone else over the age of 10 that still wet the bed. Of course he had gone online and visited teenager based support sites, and read other kids stories about their own issues, but he'd never told his own, even anonymously. Seeing other kids stories online was one thing, but until he'd met Dan, he hadn't ever been able to put an actual human face to it.

Now Amy was coming out, and her problems seemed even worse. Yet here she was, openly discussing something that had always been so terrible and secret to him.

Lately, especially this past week, his bed wetting had been on his mind a lot. Since he'd started dating Nikki, he had kept thinking about how she would react if she ever found out. It wasn't like they were ever actually likely to ever sleep together or even share a bed, but he cringed every time he thought about what her reaction would be if she ever found out. No doubt she'd laugh at him, probably call him a big baby, drop him like a hot coal, and proceed to tell everyone about her ex-boyfriend, the teenage bed wetter.

But suddenly, after all these years, he now knew two other kids his own age who suffered from not only his own condition, but an exaggerated version, much worse than his. The fact that they had both been so open about it, so willing to share their experiences with him, made him reevaluate himself a bit.

Perhaps Nikki would still accept him if he told her that he still needed to wear diapers to bed........ It wasn't a decision he'd rush into, but he made up his mind to ask Amy her opinion in private later. After all, if two kids with actual incontinence could find acceptance, then perhaps his own nocturnal issues weren't such a big deal after all, and Nikki seemed like a swell girl so far. He doubted that Amy would be friends with someone who wasn't nice deep down.

Dan had got out of the shower, and was examining his reflection in the mirror. His eyes were red and puffy, so he splashed some cold water into them, hoping to take the redness away. It worked a bit, but not much. He didn't want his mother to know he'd needed a shower, and he hoped she hadn't heard it from downstairs. He needed to dry his hair off, so he took the hairdryer from his cupboard, and proceeded to blow dry his thick brown locks. Only then did he get dressed again, starting with a big pull up, then clean shorts and a collared polo shirt.

He could hear faint, although not whispered conversation coming from his room, and he guessed that he was probably the main topic of conversation. Again. Steeling himself, he entered his bedroom, and was surprised by what he saw.

It was almost like entering a classroom, and Amy was the teacher. She sat cross legged on his bed, absentmindedly playing with a socked foot, while the three boys had gravitated onto the floor in front of her, looking at her gravely as she was obviously talking not about him, but her own condition.

To say he was gobsmacked would be an understatement. There she was, the waistband of her diaper clearly visible over the top of her pink sweatpants, casually explaining to his friends about how she needed to wear thick diapers all day, and kiddies pull ups weren't big enough, and what it was like going to school like that.

She looked up at the sound of the door opening, and her smile beamed at him. She motioned for him to come over, patting the bed beside her, and waiting for him to sit down, so she could wrap her arm around his waist, and lay her head against his shoulder.

"So there you have it guys. That's my story. OUR story, isn't it Catholic boy? I'm trusting you guys not to make a big deal out of this. Me and Danny, we can't help it. It's a part of us." She turned to him lovingly, "What do you say, matey?"

"Its Danny and I," he responded with a grin, picking up on her pronunciation like she always did to him, and laughing out loud, uttering a loud "Ow!" when she punched him on the arm.

All the previous tensions had left the room, and the five of them giggled amongst themselves for awhile, and while the boys had some questions, they kept it respectful, and didn't ask anything too intrusive. Both Dan and Amy found it to be quite therapeutic to be finally able to discuss their problems with other kids, and they actually felt rather good about it afterwards, like a load had been lifted from their young shoulders.

Soon after, Matts phone sounded. "Dads ready for us," he told his friends. "We gotta go."

As the boys gathered their things, Scott motioned for Amy to step into the hallway with him alone. She glanced at Dan, who shrugged, and made a shooing gesture with his hands for her to go. Once alone with her, Scott didn't waste any time. He struggled to make eye contact, and blushed redder than Amy had ever seen him, but he forced himself to continue.

"Amy, I don't know if Danny told you yet, but I'm guessing he probably did. If he didn't, well fuck it, I'm telling you now. Ames, I'm a bed wetter. I've gotta wear a nappy to bed every night. I reckon Dans probably told you, but that's why he agreed to come to my place for a sleepover, and why we're gonna share a cabin at this stupid camp, cause I'm a wetter too."

This came out in a rush, and the boy looked down at his shuffling feet, unable to look at her directly. "Matt and Ali know, cause we've been mates since we was little kids, and Danny knows, and now you do to."

Amy smiled at Scott. He was taller than Dan, and she had to look up at him a bit, but she didn't hesitate. She stepped forward, taking both of his hands in hers, and stood on her toes to kiss him lightly on the cheek.

"Yeah Scotty. I did know. Please don't get mad at Dan for telling me, but as you know, it's a big deal finding other kids who have accidents. Danny was like super excited when he found another boy who wet the bed, because it meant he wasn't alone, so he told me. But trust me mate, he'd never, ever, tell another kid, I swear."

Scott smiled at her. "Don't worry Ames, I'm not mad at all. I like totally understand, trust me. I know exactly what you're talking about. Until I met you guys, I felt so freaking alone. I mean, Ali and Matt are cool. They don't give me a hard time or nothing, but although they accept it, they're never gonna like understand it, are they? Not like you and Danny do!"

"Maybe not." Amy replied solemnly, "But be grateful that you've got people that at least accept it! Until me and Da.... Danny and I met, we had no one outside of our families. But I know what you mean, it takes another wetter to really understand I guess."

A look of concern crossed Scotts face, creasing his forehead, and putting sudden lines around the smooth skin surrounding his eyes, making him look instantly older.

"What's wrong?" Amy asked.

"Its Nikki." Scott replied. "She obviously doesn't know anything about this, and I feel like I should tell her, but I don't know how she'll react. What do you think I should do? I mean, she's your friend and all. Will she like break up with me or anything? Maybe I just shouldn't say anything."

Amy knew she'd have to be careful here. She knew that Nikki was indeed well aware of Scott's bed wetting, but he obviously didn't know that yet. She measured her words carefully before speaking.

"Scotty, sweetie, I think you've gotta give Nik a bit of credit here. She's a sweet, lovely girl, and I think she's falling for you very quickly. Christ! You should hear her at school! All bloody day, its 'Scott this,' and 'Scott that!' She just won't shut up about you!"

Scotts eyes widened. He knew Nikki liked him, but he was a bit surprised to hear just how much. It was comforting, but also a little bit frightening as well. Amy could see this in the boys face, and she hastened to reassure him.

"Scotty, listen to me! Don't freak out, okay? All I'm saying, is she really likes you. I can guarantee that even if you did tell her about your night time problems, she wouldn't flip out or anything. Shit! She's good mates with me and Danny after all! If our problems aren't going to put her off, then a little bit of bed wetting surely isn't going to, is it?"

Scott looked thoughtful as he pondered this, but Amy continued before he had a chance to speak.

"Plus, if what Niks told me is true, and I believe her, she's never said anything to you about Danny or myself, or any of our shit, has she?"

Scott looked alarmed. "No Ames! Course she hasn't! I didn't know anything about your problems until you told us today. Niks not the sort of girl to spread shit like that......"

His voice trailed off as he realised what he'd said, and Amys grinning face confirmed it. She had led him along the track towards seeing Nikki for what she was, trustworthy.

"If you want to tell her Scotty, then do it! I don't think she'll freak out, and she may even surprise you," Amy added, which Scott thought was a strange thing to say, but didn't question it, as the bedroom door had suddenly opened, and three grinning boys were standing there watching them.

"I hope you're not making any moves on my girlfriend," Dan said in a rough, but obviously joking tone.

"Only this," Scott replied, leaning in to kiss Amys cheek. "You're a lucky man Jacobs. This girls too good for you! Take care of her. It's lucky for you I've got a wonderful girlfriend of my own that I can't wait to speak to."

This of course lead to the three boys throwing themselves at Scott's feet, playing invisible violins and throwing invisible rose petals at him, making Amy shriek with laughter, suddenly crossing her legs in case she peed.

The boys said goodbye to Sue, and after a brief exchange of pleasantries at the door, they were gone, and Amy and Dan headed back up to his room.

Once inside, he kissed her hard on the lips, and held her tightly to his chest. For a brief moment, he thought he may cry again, this time with happiness, but it soon passed.

"Amy, I love you so much," he said. "I think you just saved my arse again today. I don't know how I'm ever gonna repay you."

Amy smiled at him, sitting on the edge of his bed, and pulling the waistband of her sweatpants down just enough to expose her diaper.

"Well, maybe you could start by helping me change my wet nappy," she suggested with a grin.

Dan thought that was the least he could do, and he felt his boyhood stiffening inside his own nappy as he walked towards her.

*732*2017-05-04 03:57

Chapter 17:

Scott, Ali and Matt didn't speak until they were well clear of Dans house, but it didn't take long for the conversation to start.

Ali stage whispered to his friends. "Fuck! I never would've seen that coming! I guess it does explain a lot though. Like how a guy with Danny's problems could manage to snag a hot girl like Amy! She's unbelievable, isn't she? Like totally hot, really smart, and cute as hell. I can't get over how she likes doing stuff like kicking the footy around too. She's awesome!"

Scott had to agree. "Yeah. I mean especially after what's happened to her and all. It's gotta be like a real hard thing to deal with, but she just like gets on with it, like a champ. I really like Nikki, but I tell ya, Amys right up there on the hotness scale. I feel bad for her though."

"She looked kinda cute in her nappy, didn't she?" Ali said. "I know that sounds kinda weird," he quickly added, "but damn, she's a pretty thing!"

Scott grinned. "I know whatcha mean mate! I never thought I'd see anything attractive about a girl wearing a diaper, but she like totally rocks it! I just can't believe how she just came out and told us about it either. It took me a long time to get up the nerve to tell Danny about my, uh, you know, night time thing, and he was the same I guess, but Amy, she just straight out told us like for no reason! She's pretty brave I reckon."

Ali agreed, but noticed how Matt hadn't joined in yet. He leaned over, and punched his friend on the arm, hard, eliciting a surprised "OWW!"

"You're pretty quiet, big fella. Watcha thinking about? Don't you think Amys pretty awesome?"

Matt didn't answer at first, choosing to rub his sore arm, and glare at Ali instead. Scott saw the reluctance in Matts face, and joined in with Ali.

"Yeah man. Penny for your thoughts, or whatever it is my nan says. Whaddya thinking about?"

Matt still seemed reluctant, but he heaved a sigh, and stopped walking, forcing his mates to stop alongside him, conveniently in a spot where they couldn't be overheard. He appeared to be struggling to make eye contact, and shuffled his feet nervously.

"Dunno really. If ya want me to be like honest, I think it's kinda weird."

He then looked defiantly at his friends, almost challenging them to disagree. Scott didn't disappoint him.

"What do you mean exactly Matt? Weird like how?"

Matt held his friends gaze, although his face reddened a bit. Matt was the tallest and biggest of the trio, and comfortably so, but Scott was the unspoken leader. They hardly ever argued between themselves, and usually what Scott said, goes. But this time, it was evident that differing opinions were held.

"Weird like needing to wear nappies at 14. Weird like that. Weird like just wanting to talk about it. Weird like showing us the fucking things! Weird like it's none of our Goddamn business, but her and Dan haveta like almost rub the things in our face! I mean, of course I feel sorry for 'em and stuff, but fuck man! Why they gotta like show them off? It's almost like they're proud of the fucking things. There's just some stuff that probably should be like kept private, ya know? Fucking weird like that!"

A shocked silence came over them. Matt was the biggest, but also the quietest. He was usually a gentle giant. Happy, easygoing, and just a good bloke to hang around with. He rarely got agitated or upset, and hardly ever disagreed. But judging by the colour in his face, and his direct, challenging stare, he obviously felt strongly about what he was saying. Scott held his gaze, and thought carefully before he spoke. Although Matt was a quiet, gentle guy 99% of the time, he could have a temper about him, and his size made him formidable.

A grade ten kid, 2 years older than them, had learned that the hard way earlier in the year, when he'd decided to pick on Ali, making racist remarks about his dark skin. The much bigger boy had soon limped off, nursing a bloody nose. Matt had received 2 days suspension after that, but neither himself or his friends had ever been bullied again. Scott remembered how Matt had looked on that occasion, just before he had unleashed a flurry of quick punches on a much bigger opponent with a certain quiet confidence. He looked very much like that now.

"Matt. Buddy. I don't get it. Both Dan and Amy have got problems. It's not like they're just doing it for fun or because they want to!"

Matt sighed again, and seemed to actually deflate a bit. The colour was draining from his face, and he was apparently getting himself back under control.

"You say that Scott, and I guess it's probably true. But it's still fucking weird. Fourteen year olds just don't wear fucking nappies. It's like not natural."

Now it was Scott's turn to feel his blood pressure rising. Suddenly, he was mad. He grabbed Matt by the front of his shirt with a clenched fist, and shoved him, firmly.

"So Im fucking weird too then? Is that what you're saying? You big prick!"

Matt looked shocked. Not only did not many people ever front him like this, but especially not Scott, his best mate. He found himself actually taking a step back.

"Whoa Scotty! What the fuck you mean? I never called you weird! Where'd that come from?"

Scott let go of his friends shirt, but kept holding his gaze. "I'm 14, or have you forgotten? What the actual fuck do you think I wear every fucking night? Christ dude! You see me wearing the stupid things every weekend!"

Matt looked confused, and a bit contrite.

"That's like totally different dude. You need them, like for your night time stuff. We all know that. This is different."

"You," Scott said, "are a complete fucking idiot sometimes Matt! I need them at nights, just like Dan and Amy, OUR FRIENDS DAN AND AMY," he added in a raised voice, "happen to need them during the day. How can you possibly not see that?"

"Hey, I do see it Scotty. Really, I do. Chillax man. I get it. It just seems a bit weird to me. I do get it that they need it, and they got problems, but didya see Dan today? He like totally pissed his pants. Like a freaking baby or something. Surely to God he must've known that he needed to pee. My Grandmother is a bit incontinent, she wears nappies too, cause she has trouble moving around and stuff cos like she's so old, so she can't always make it to the toilet in time. But even she knows when she's gotta go. She at least tries! Freakin Danny man, he was just like a little kid. He put off going, peed himself like a baby, then cried like one! It's not natural man. And Amy. I get that she can't help it, I mean, she showed us the scars on her tummy, but why the fuck would she just do that? Why bring it up?"

This was a huge speech for Matt, who, by nature, didn't say a lot. Ali put an arm around the bigger kids shoulders.

"Dude. Dontcha get it? She was doing it to make Dan feel better. She felt bad for him, so she deliberately tried to turn the attention away from him onto her, and it worked. That's what makes her such a top chick, that she'd help her boyfriend out like that. Dontcha get it?"

Nobody spoke for a moment, then Matt sighed again, and nodded his head, albeit reluctantly. "Yeah, I guess so," he muttered.

"Great! That's settled then!" Ali said brightly, pleased that the situation had been diffused. "Now, why don't you two pricks just shut up, shake hands, and we'll keep walking."

The other two boys eyed each other off, then grinned, wrapping their arms around each other's shoulders briefly, and thumping each other on the back.

"Sorry dude,"

"Sorry man,"

They immediately changed the subject, and walked on, as if it had never happened, but, somewhere underneath, the tension still remained, and the cheerfulness of their conversation had an unnatural, forced feeling about it.

Later that night, Scott rang Ali, and they discussed it between themselves. Both agreed that as weird as it seemed, Amy did look incredibly hot in her diaper, although they didn't understand why they thought so, but they also agreed that they should never mention anything like that around Matt, and they'd keep an eye on how Matt interacted with Danny from now on. Just in case.

*734*2017-05-04 12:19

Thanks again everyone one your continuing support and patience. I really do appreciate the feedback.

*738*2017-05-05 00:28

Thanks guys and girls.

One question for loyal readers, and I want honest answers please.

Is the dialogue between the kids realistic to you? I try very hard to make it sound like a bunch of teenagers talking, but I want your opinions. If you think it's not right somehow, please tell me.

I'm the father of teenagers, but obviously mine don't swear like that in front of me, but I know they swear and have in depth conversations with their friends. I remember talking like this with my mates when I was a kid, but I'm VERY interested to hear any thoughts or suggestions you might have.

TIA

Barry

*741*2017-05-05 18:59

.

*742*2017-05-05 19:00

{{1 hour ago, LunasAuditor said:

Definitely recognising the overuse of the word "Like" - it's sort of annoying to read but that's the point, it's more like how teenagers, like talk you know?

}}

Exactly! I hope you realise that's just an attempt at sounding realistic! My kids like use it all the time like, and I bloody hate it!

*745*2017-05-08 12:10

Chapter 18:

Monday was Dans day of gym for first period, the one day of the week where he didn't wear a diaper to school. Sue always dropped him off to minimise his unprotected time, and he arrived early enough to use the bathroom before the second siren went. Today, he didn't even really need to go, having used the toilet before leaving home. Judging by the state of his diaper when he'd woke up that morning, he was surprised that he'd actually had any urine left to expel. He'd leaked badly, and his day had started with stripping the soggy sheets off the bed.

There was still 15 minutes left before the first siren, and he headed towards the boys room, before he saw his three friends loitering outside the library. "Hi guys," he said, "Gym first up Ali," he reminded his dark skinned friend.

Greetings were exchanged, and small talk made. A few minutes later Dan glanced at his phone.

"Better go guys. I want to use the boys room before gym starts." He looked around, making sure that nobody else was listening. "I, uh, kinda wanted to thank you guys for yesterday too. I'm like so sorry you had to see that, and I guess I'm just grateful that you guys stuck with me. That was totally embarrassing, and I'm glad you guys had my back, 'specially you Scotty, loaning me your pants and stuff....." Dan held out a closed fist in front of himself.

"Too easy mate," Scott replied, bumping his fist.

"All good Danny," Ali said, bumping his own fist.

Dan turned to Matt, who didn't speak, and hesitated just a fraction of a second before offering his own fist. If Dan had noticed any reluctance, it didn't show. "Gotta go boys. See ya in class Ali!"

"Probably wet himself already," Matt muttered under his breath, causing Scott and Ali to exchange a furtive, worried look, but they didn't say anything.

Over the next few days, similar scenes were repeated a few times. Matt was always polite to Dan, but rarely engaged with him any more than necessary. For his part, Dan simply didn't notice. He knew Ali better than the others, as they shared classes, and he had bonded with Scott over their shared problems, but apart from the sleepover, he'd rarely had much to do with Matthew. He knew the big kid to be fairly quiet by nature, and he didn't see any real change in his demeanour, putting his quietness down to his normal self. It wasn't until later in the week that Dan started to wonder.

The camp was due to begin the week after next, and certain parts of some days were put aside for "camp stuff." Some discussions were held by teachers telling the boys exactly what the activities would entail, and what permission slips would be required. Other topics were based around nutritional and medicinal requirements, with the school needing to know who had a nut allergy, who was lactose intolerant, who used an inhaler or needed an epi-pen. Thankfully for Dan and Scott, bed wetting wasn't specifically discussed, falling into the realms of "any other conditions that the school might need to be aware of."

The boys were enjoying their free discussion time, building up the trip in their own minds to be the adventure of a lifetime. Even the reluctant Scott and Dan were now looking forward to it.

"And you're sure our cabin will have its own bathroom?" Dan whispered to Scott.

"Relax dude," Scott replied. "My mums already spoken to the principal, and it's all set. Every year when I go on these dumb camps, mum always makes sure the school puts me and the boys here in a cabin with a bathroom that we don't haveta share. Trust me. I don't wanna be getting changed for bed or in the morning around the other kids any more than what you do!"

"And is there gonna be like a rubbish bin or something in there?" Dan asked. "You know, someplace to put our used stuff?"

It was at that moment that the siren sounded. Matt didn't waste any time. He pushed his chair back violently, muttered "Jesus fucking Christ" under his breath but loud enough for them to hear, then he grabbed his backpack off the floor and stormed out.

Dan looked at his friends, feeling bemused. "What is it? Did I say something wrong?"

Ali and Scott were quick to reassure him that he hadn't said anything wrong, but Dan noticed how they didn't look him in the eye. Scott's dad was picking him and Ali up, so Dan rode the bus home alone, wondering exactly what it was that had gotten Matt so upset. He had no idea.

Dan had been so flummoxed by Matts sudden outburst, that he'd spent some time after class quizzing his friends as to what the problem was. All he got was some vague, non-specific answers about how sometimes Matt would get shitty about stuff at home, so he had been forced to drop his questioning. But his interrogation had led to another problem. He hadn't gone to the toilet straight after class, and had to hurry to make the bus. Now, as he worried himself about Matts reaction, he couldn't concentrate on formulating an answer, because he needed to pee very badly. Dan knew he was deep inside "The Danger Zone," but now, he was stuck on a packed school bus, and couldn't do a damn thing about it.

He knew from past experience that his Goodnight would probably be wet by the time he got home. He just had to hope and pray that it didn't leak, because his grey school shorts were very unforgiving about leaky diapers. As the bus went over a bump in the road, causing Dan to bounce in his seat, and feel his bladder tightening, ready to explode, he came to the conclusion that a pre-emptive strike might be necessary. If he didn't drain off at least some excess, he was soon going to absolutely flood himself, and wouldn't be able to exert any control over it when it happened, so he decided to try and have a controlled release, while he still had at least some control.

Mentally cursing himself for not using the toilet after school, even if it would've meant missing the first bus, he considered his plan of attack. His stop would be coming up shortly, but he genuinely felt like he would completely lose control before that, if he didn't let at least a little bit out beforehand. Even if he did, it wouldn't be a guarantee of getting home before a complete bladder failure occurred, but fuck it, one problem at a time. Getting off the bus without humiliating himself in front of the other boys had to be his first priority, after that, anything could happen. But he'd rather have wet shorts on the walk home than on the bus full of rowdy kids from his own school.

Dan slipped his hand inside his shorts briefly. He was able to adjust himself, so he was pointing down, and tuck the elastic leg guards up firmly around his thighs. Then, he took his jumper out of his bag, and tied the arms around his waist, but making sure that he wasn't sitting on it at all. He looked around. By this stage of the journey, the bus was over half empty. There was nobody sitting beside him nor opposite him, and the seat directly behind him was empty too. He pulled his phone out, opened his Facebook app, and stared at the screen without really seeing it, his attention fully riveted on his penis, which had started twitching and moving inside his pull up, as if it had a mind of its own, and it knew that relief was imminent.

Dan steadied himself to relax, hoping to release s controlled flow, and cut it off before his kiddie pull up became overwhelmed. A steady, controlled release would be the key.

But, as they say, the best laid plans and all that.....

The bus suddenly stopped. A car had cut it off then braked suddenly. The driver, with no other options available, had hit the brakes a lot harder than was normal, and Dan, staring at his phone without even seeing it, wasn't prepared.

As his body lurched forward, his bladder let go without warning. All pretext of a controlled release was instantly lost. A strong jet of pee shot out of him like a laser beam from the Death Star, and he closed his eyes and gritted his teeth, sucking in a big breath and holding it, as he peed into his Goodnight with an unrestrained ferocity for perhaps 5 seconds. By sheer willpower alone, he was able to clench his holding muscles, and finally stop the fire hose in his diaper, but although he'd stopped, he could still feel the rest of his flow waiting impatiently for release. His little cock was twitching inside his pull up, and every time it twitched, another trickle of hot sticky wetness escaped, tickling his hairless balls before seeping into the padded backside of his kiddie diaper.

He was aware that he was literally chewing on his bottom lip, and holding his breath. He breathed out slowly, gently relaxing his holding muscles as he did so. At first, another strong spurt shot out, but after that, his accident slowed itself down to a slow, but still constant trickle. Over the next 30 seconds, his bum and crotch got hotter and wetter, and by the time he'd regained control, he was panting softly and sweating with exertion. But at least the urgency had finally abated.

A glance ahead showed his stop fast approaching. Trying to look nonchalant, he put his hand between his legs, and slightly raised his bottom, allowing his hand to slide beneath him. It only took a second for him to wince, as his probing fingers discovered warm, wet cotton.

He had leaked. And he still hadn't finished peeing. At least his shorts still looked dry on the front. When he spread his legs wide, he could definitely see a dark grey wet patch on both of his inner thighs, but the front of his pants remained dry though. But it felt like his butt cheeks were very wet, especially down low, around his legs.

Dan rang the bell as his stop approached. Then, steeling himself, he lurched to his feet quickly, making sure that his jumper stayed tied around his stomach, and hung low behind his butt. He picked up his backpack, and held it in front of his crotch as he stepped into the aisle. He shuddered as he felt a trickle of pee snaking down his left leg, pausing agonisingly short of being absorbed by his knee length socks.

As the bus drew to a halt, he started moving toward the front door, anxious to be off, and still worried about how his bladder was still aching, demanding that he finish the relief that was promised. Another trickle escaped onto his right leg, but he didn't look, just kept walking, saying a silent prayer that nobody else would get off at the same time.

"Danny! Hey Danny! Wait!" A voice caused him some fear and panic, and he almost ran, but forced himself to stop. He knew that his jumper was hiding his wet butt, but perhaps someone had seen the trickles on his legs. He forced himself to turn around and look.

It was Ben, another boy from his class. Ben was looking at him dubiously, and holding out a textbook.

"Ive still got your Modem History book Dan. I borrowed it yesterday, remember? Here! Ya can have it back now thanks!"

Dan was virtually at the door. Collecting the book was simply something that he wasn't prepared to do right now. He shouted back, trying to keep his voice lighthearted, and hearing it crack a bit under the strain, going to a higher pitch than normal. That would usually be embarrassing, but nothing could be as embarrassing as his classmates seeing him in wet pants.

"Thanks Benny, I'll get it tomorrow," he squeaked, and hurried down the steps and onto the relative safety of the street before Ben could argue.

As the bus pulled away, Danny heaved a sigh of relief, and his bladder let go again, this time with no control at all on his part, and his sodden pull up complained at the sudden influx of more hot liquid, and it gave up, sending torrents down his legs, and darkening the light grey fabric of his shorts with a big dark patch.

Dan let it happen. In truth, he had no choice. The traffic whizzed past, but nobody was walking, and by the time he got his feet moving, there was a puddle on the sidewalk where he'd been standing, and his socks were wet. His pull up felt like it was falling down, and was hanging off his hips underneath his shorts. His satin boxer shorts were clinging wetly to the front of his thighs. Holding his backpack awkwardly in front of himself, the top open, allowing him to occasionally peer inside it like he was looking for something, he managed to walk the block and a half back to his place, looking a bit suspicious perhaps, but without being discovered.

His mother was working, hence him catching the bus home. He used his key to open the door, then headed straight into the laundry, where he stripped naked, depositing his clothes into the machine. Even the bottom of his shirt was wet at the back.

He walked upstairs slowly, determined not to get upset. It wasn't until he was standing safely in the shower that he gave in to the tears that had been brewing, and for the second time in a week, he cried in the shower until the tears eventually ran out.

He was getting really sick of this.

When Sue got home a couple of hours later, she called out to him, but didn't get any response. A check of the washing machine showed a very wet school uniform, and her heart fell, realising what had happened to her little boy. She called out again, and again got no reply. She hurried up the stairs to Dans room, and opened the door.

Dan was asleep on his bed, his cheeks still red and tear stained, and he had snot running from his nose, now long dried. He was wearing boxer shorts and nothing else, except for the large diaper that protruded from above his waistband, and his blue pacifier was in his mouth, moving around quickly as he chewed on it in a fitful sleep.

She felt a tear spring to her own eyes. She wanted so much to help her little boy, but just didn't know what she could possibly do. It was heartbreaking.

