Sword of Truth Series: Kahlan

Author: Dragon

*000*2011-10-12 19:35

Sword of Truth Series

Author Note: Hey all this is a small fiction I have been working on for a few days and I apologize ahead of time if my grammar is a little sloppy (never been my strong point). This fiction is based on the book series The Sword of Truth by Terry Goodkind. All characters and settings in this story are the genius of Terry Goodkind and I in no way lay claim to them. For those of you who may not be familiar with the series, I first off must recommend reading them as they are some of my favorites, and second if you are confused by some of the names or details i will list some explanations below.

Richard Rahl- Kahlan's husband and known as the "Lord Rahl." He is ruler of the D'haran empire which after Kahlan and he were married contained a land known as the Midlands.

Mother Confessor- This is the title of Kahlan Amnell, to avoid any spoilers I will simply say that it means she is a ruler of the land known as the Midlands.

Aydindril- Capital of the Midlands

Confessors Palace- Located in Aydindril, the seat of political power.

I hope you enjoy and please feel free to leave any questions, comments, or critiques and if the story is well received I may write a follow up chapter in the future. Thanks and enjoy!

It was a dark and chilly night in Aydindril as Kahlan Amnell, the Mother Confessor, tossed and turned in her bed struggling to return to the sweet dreams she had been enjoying. Richard lay beside her still in a deep sleep oblivious to the world around him. How she wished she could be enjoying her own peaceful slumber, free of all of her duties, responsibilities, and troubles for a few brief hours. This night however she had been awoken still hours before morning by an irritating need to empty her bladder. Kahlan ignored the urge, trying to recapture the sweet dreams she desired, but her bladder had its own plans and until she had paid a visit to the lavatories she would clearly not be getting any sleep.

Sitting up and carefully sliding out from under the sheets so she wouldn’t wake Richard, Kahlan climbed out of bed and began dressing in case she happened across any guards wandering the halls of the confessor’s palace on patrol. She would never hear the end of it if the Mother Confessor herself had been spotted dressed in only her undergarments roaming the palace at night. She knew many of the men living in the palace would leap at such a chance, after all she was hardly difficult to look upon, her creamy flawless skin, perfect womanly curves, long lush of dark brown hair, and sparkling green eyes often had many men ogling her, assuming of course that Richard wasn’t in the room. No man wished to risk the wrath of the Lord Rahl.

Kahlan quickly pulled on a loose fitting shirt and pants not wanting to spend any more time than necessary away from the warmth of her bed. She slipped out of their room and silently made her way down the labyrinth of halls that she had walked for nearly her whole life yet the size of the palace never ceased to amaze her as she caught glimpses of the rest of Aydindril through the windows. Kahlan shivered slightly from the immense height and from the icy cold stone floor on her bare feet.

Turning away from the windows Kahlan continued making her way towards the lavatories now with a little more purpose in her stride as she felt the mounting pressure of nature calling as her bladder grew more persistent. Now that she was fully awake what had been an urge quickly grew into a need, constantly nagging her with the dull ache in her midsection. Kahlan wondered in annoyance at how the previous rulers of Aydindril could have stood having to walk so far when they were in need of relief, already she had gone through several hall ways and based on her mental map of the palace she still was only half way to her destination.

As she passed through one hallway filled with various pieces of art including beautiful vases and other pottery of all sizes she had to resist the strong temptation to squat over one of the priceless artifacts. The thought brought a small smile to her lips as she recalled the memory of when she had been a little girl getting lost in the complex maze of hallways. She had wondered around for hours in the palace and before long she had stood in tears as she twisted around in a desperate potty dance.

On the verge of wetting herself she had seized a small vase, lowered her underwear while lifting up her dress, and filled the vase to the brim. Unfortunately just as she had finished and stood up, her mother had turned the corner and immediately saw what she had done. Kahlan had never seen her mother as angry as she had been that day and had quickly regretted the decision after being forced to work in the palace kitchens for two weeks. Kahlan giggled quietly in the moonlit hall at the memory and the idea of facing a similar dilemma now. Kahlan sighed, she was a grown woman now and the Mother Confessor, leader of the entire Midlands, the thought of being caught in such a way again now was to horrifying to imagine, she was simply going to have to hold it.

As Kahlan continued walking however it was quickly becoming apparent that “holding it” was easier said than done. She berated herself for being so careless and drinking so many glasses of wine at dinner. Now she was paying for it dearly, what had begun as a mild urge that had awoken her in the middle of the night had inexplicably grown rapidly and she was now in a state of major desperation. She couldn’t believe that she actually needed to press a hand against her crotch as she walked like a toddler struggling to contain the imminent flood.

She knew it was a fairly short trip to reach the lavatories but now it felt endless to her as she struggled onward knowing her time was quickly running out. How could she already be this desperate in such a short amount of time? It had only been a few minutes yet here she was at the brink of a full on accident; what would Richard think if he could see her now? At least by some miracle she had not yet encountered any guards, in fact she had not yet seen a single person in the whole palace. There was no time to ponder this though as Kahlan hobbled along squeezing her thighs together tightly and with one hand still placed firmly against her crotch as her bladder throbbed painfully.

Spotting a familiar hall Kahlan knew at long last that she was close to her goal, she would only need to reach the end of this last hall and then she would finally be able to take her seat on the porcelain throne she so desperately needed. Her bladder however was making the task far from easy, each step sent her bladder into spasms that threatened to make dry pants a thing of the past. Kahlan dashed down the hall in a race against time as she felt her control slipping away. She reached the end of the hall and immediately hooked a sharp left throwing open the doors to the women’s lavatories panting in relief that she had made it.

Kahlan’s jaw fell in shock as she looked up frozen in place. She was in an enormous room filled with beautiful paintings of wizards and confessors of old, alongside countless sets of shining armor lining the walls, and in the center of it all was a magnificent golden fountain. This was certainly not where she wanted to be, yet she was certain she had come the right way, yet she had somehow ended up at the oddly deserted, entrance of the palace? Had she really gotten lost in her own home? There was no time to think about it however as Kahlan’s overfilled bladder throbbed painfully once again. She twisted her legs together with both of her hands pressed in between doing the very same potty dance she had done so many years ago. Kahlan stood helpless as the nearby splashing water from the fountain tormented her and suddenly she felt a surge of warmth as a small spurt of pee escaped dampening her underwear.

Kahlan gasped in shock at the unintentional release, she was only moments away from peeing her pants for the first time in her adult life and she was stuck dancing in desperation listening to the nearby fountain as it mocked her with its endless splashing. Suddenly Kahlan was struck with an idea, she quickly glanced around the room to be absolutely sure she was alone and biting her lower lip in apprehension raced over to the fountain. Her fingers frantically flew across the buttons knowing any second could be her last.

She knew that if anyone at all was to see what she was planning she would be the laughingstock of the palace, however if she were to wet her pants she would be laughed at throughout the entire kingdom. Kahlan finally yanked her pants down followed by her white underwear which now sported dark stain and hovered her shapely rear over the fountain’s waters. Kahlan let out a momentous sigh as she closed her eyes as a strong stream splashed against the water below emitting a loud pitter patter. The feeling of relief was monumental as Kahlan continued emptying her bladder no longer worried about who might see as she reveled in the feeling of release.

“Kahlan!” A voiced called out. Kahlan ignored the voice not caring the slightest who was witness to her act. “Kahlan wake up!” Richard said shaking her. Kahlan blinked slowly as she was met with bright sunlight and Richard standing in front of her. Kahlan looked around and saw that she was still in bed and it was morning, she had been sound asleep the whole night. She could have shouted for joy that hadn’t actually done such a humiliating deed in the palace fountain, but then she noticed a very peculiar feeling.

Kahlan glanced down as she tossed her sheets aside and a blush immediately erupted across her face. Her underwear and the majority of their bed was soaked, she couldn’t believe she had actually wet the bed for the first time in years. Kahlan slowly brought her terrified gaze to Richard and as she had suspected he had not escaped her accident as one side of his pants were now a noticeably darker color. A thousand thoughts raced through her mind as she tried to speak but before she could say anything Richard bent down and kissed her passionately. Kahlan stared up at him dumbfounded as he finally broke away.

“Richard I don’t understand you.” Kahlan stammered. “I thought you would be furious or disgusted, I just wet the bed like some little kid… why?” Richard cut off the rest of what Kahlan said as he sat down next to her on the bed gently pressed a finger against her lips. “Kahlan you should know by now that I could never be furious with you.” He said calmly. “Especially not for something like this. Everyone has accidents now and then there’s no reason to be ashamed.” Kahlan broke into a smile and hugged him gratefully. “Besides it isn’t every day you wake up to the Mother Confessor herself squirming around and then peeing herself in her sleep.” Richard said as a sly smile crossed his face.

“I must say from the look on your face it must have been some dream.” Richard said laughing at the look of horror on Kahlan’s face. “You mean you saw me and didn’t wake me up?” Kahlan said in shock as the blush returned in full force. “I was enjoying it too much and from the look on your face when you let go I would say you did as well.” Richard said as he rose up and began walking away.

“And as much as I hate to say it you should probably go get cleaned up before someone comes in and discovers your little accident. Then maybe later we can discuss reenacting this dream of yours, if you’re interested of course.” Richard said with a playful smile on his face as he left the room. Kahlan sat in her soaked bed in complete shock at what Richard had said. “You just keep dreaming Richard Rahl.” She muttered under her breath. “As you said it isn’t every day the Mother Confessor wets herself.” Kahlan said with a shake of her head and a small smile playing on her lips. 

*003*2013-09-11 07:05

Chapter 2-

Music played softly in the background, the room awash in the elegant glow of candlelight. Servants lined both sides of the table, displaying large trays filled with the finest foods in all of D'Hara. Nothing was held back, all of the lavishness due to the Lord Rahl and The Mother Confessor being displayed for the nobility of the territory gathered there tonight.

Dozens of monarchs and dignitaries from neighboring regions sat on either side of an extravagantly decorated table in the Lord Rahl's private dining hall, their conversations creating a low din that buzzed throughout the room.

Anticipation filled the air, these notable guests delighted with the privilege of being in the presence of Lord Richard Rahl and his wife, Lady Kahlan. The majority of their excitement came from being allowed to witness the highly regarded couple.

Word of their extraordinary love for one another, everything that they had fought so hard for and overcome had spread far and wide across all three territories. The Seeker had fallen for his Confessor, loving her beyond the deadly power that she possessed. But even more than that, he was a very powerful war wizard as well as a Rahl, the rightful heir to the throne, and she the Mother Confessor.

No one was immune to the fascination that surrounded the Lord Rahl and his wife, the mystique that enveloped them mesmerizing everyone in the room. Frequent glances to the end of the table brought minute glimpses into the real person of Lord Rahl and the Mother Confessor.

Rejecting the notion of sitting at his rightful place at the head of the table, Lord Richard Rahl sat on one side of the table at the end. He refused to sit in supreme authority over others especially during a dinner, preferring to exert his title only when necessary.

It was only partially the explanation for it. The real reason behind his decision, however, had been Kahlan. She was always the source behind everything that he did, every decision that he made. His world truly revolved around her.

Although he relished being as close to her as possible, he adored sitting across from her, allowing himself the advantage of appreciating every inch of her beauty, to watch her every graceful movement. He knew it made her feel self-conscious, but he loved the awe-struck feelings that washed through him that being in her presence always created within him. Her long, dark, beautiful hair tumbling down to her lower back, her deep green eyes, and her perfectly smooth creamy skin were enough to drive any man wild. However, tonight there was a very special reason for him to watch her.

Reaching for his glass of wine, he cast a glance at his wife. He couldn't help the stuttering beat of his heart as their eyes met, the smile owned by no one but him softly touching her lips.

He had known her, been in love with her for well over two years; had the incredible privilege of calling her his wife for the last three months, and yet she always affected him so deeply. He was still humbled by the thought that Kahlan, a woman of such beauty and profound importance, would fall in love with him, would take a simple wood's guide as her husband. It was like a fairy-tale come to life. He couldn’t help wondering nervously if that all might change after tonight.

Leaning his elbow on the arm of his chair, Richard forced himself to turn his attention back to the dignitary from Glenn Haven and their conversation. His plan still had some time left before it came to fruition for now he needed to focus on the dinner party. Fortunately he had discovered that they shared a mutual love for hunting, much to the Seeker's relief.

He was still trying to adjust to life as the Lord Rahl, attempting to learn how to adapt to these formal dinners as well as everything else that was considered a part of his role as leader of the newly named D'Haran Empire. He found these dinners to be so tedious, often feeling inadequate to be the Lord Rahl.

It was times like these when he was fully reminded of his humble background, his simple upbringing, causing him to question himself and the authority that he now held.

But then he would look at Kahlan, finding reassurance in her smile and the confidence necessary to perform his duties. She seemed to sense when he needed encouragement, her hand suddenly finding his when he needed her most.

"In fact, I caught myself a very nice buck just a couple of weeks ago," the man proudly stated.

"I used to hunt some of the biggest bucks you'd ever laid eyes on back home in Westland," Richard told him.

"You don't say?" the man replied, leaning closer with increased interest.

Glancing up at her husband, Kahlan smiled to herself as she watched him, delighting in the life that danced in his warm brown eyes. He was obviously talking about something that he loved, his face reflecting his thoughts as well as his heart.

She couldn't help but stare at him. He looked so unbelievably handsome in his deep red and black jacket and tunic, the tooth pendant that his father had given him visible through the opening. She knew well what lay beneath the material, the curve of his muscles, the taste of his skin, the scent that drove her wild.

However, she couldn’t help but notice that something was slightly off with her husband tonight. Though she had checked several times, she could swear that she had felt him looking her way; however, each time she had looked he appeared to be preoccupied with the guests.

Kahlan sipped her glass of wine thoughtfully and returned her attention to an elderly wife of a nobleman who had been talking with her for the last hour, attempting to pry information from her on if she and Lord Rahl had considered starting a family yet.

“A rather poorly disguised attempt at uncovering some gossip. As if our love life is anything for them to know about.” Kahlan thought in irritation. As she politely dodged the woman’s questions her mind drifted once again to an event she had frequently been thinking about over the past week.

While Richard had been very comforting and understanding the morning she had wet the bed, she could clearly remember the hungry, lustful look in his eyes and the comments he had made just before he had left the room to let her clean up. If she didn’t know any better Richard had almost seemed to enjoy the sight of her accident and had even hinted that he wouldn’t mind if such a thing happened again! Kahlan had been left bewildered and confused at the thought of Richard actually finding her doing such a childish and humiliating thing enjoyable.

Kahlan shook her head to clear her head of such thoughts, surely it was all in her imagination, Richard had never mentioned that morning again and she couldn’t imagine he had actually enjoyed seeing her wet the bed. There was just no way, this was the Lord Rahl, leader of the D’haran Empire, her Richard!

Kahlan gave a small sigh and returned her attention to the conversation going on with the guests around her when suddenly she noticed a familiar feeling.

“This is just terrific. Why did I have to be thinking of that morning of all things? Now I have to go at the worst possible time.” Kahlan thought in frustration.

Being raised in a political environment her entire life had drilled into her an incredibly long list of rules that a highborn lady simply must obey. How you sit, how you speak, how you walk, how you eat, how you drink, and how there are times that it simply isn’t proper to leave a social function to relieve one’s self. As host alongside Lord Rahl she knew she could not risk insulting any of the important political figures by suddenly departing.

Kahlan shifted a bit in her seat as she composed herself and continued to converse with the guests.

“I’ve been doing tedious dinner parties like this since I was a child, I simply have to wait for another hour or so until the guests leave then I’ll be free to go to the bathroom.” She thought to herself confidently. Besides, though she could feel a definite urge it was nothing that she couldn’t handle.

So the dinner proceeded normally for the next hour as dozens of extravagant dishes were served and delicious wines were served freely until all of the guests were full, slightly drunk, and quite content.

Unfortunately Kahlan was not sharing in the mirth of her guests. Though she had only eaten and sipped her wine sparingly to avoid drawing attention, no matter what she had done each moment that passed brought only further discomfort for her poor bladder. She had never experienced such a rapidly growing urge to pee! She sat with her thighs discretely squeezed together and was unable to stop shifting around in her seat. Her normally toned and flat stomach was extended from the fullness of her swollen bladder.

“How could this be happening? Just a little while ago I hardly needed to go, how am I suddenly this desperate?” Kahlan wondered as she desperately wished she could slip a hand towards her crotch. She didn’t dare risk it with so many important guests around; however, she knew things were quickly becoming dangerous. The meal had finally finished, however, she knew that there would still be a period of socializing that she was beginning to doubt she could make it through without risking an accident.

As she thought this, memories of soaked sheets returned unbidden to her mind causing her face to redden.

“No! That was something that happened while I was sleeping, there is no way I am going to wet myself now. I’m a grown woman I will not have an accident.” She thought furiously.

“Are you feeling well Mother Confessor?” One of the lords asked in concern, noticing that she had been silent for some time and her face was growing red.

“Ah yes forgive me, I have been so busy lately, I found my mind was dwelling elsewhere.”

The other guests nodded understandingly and the lord who had questioned her spoke, “Of course milady, we all understand, you and Lord Rahl sacrifice so much for us all. It must be quite a burden.” He said.

“Not at all, Lord Rahl and I work tirelessly to ensure that all people will be free to live in a world where they may pursue their dreams without fear of tyranny.” Kahlan said doing her best to keep a kind smile on her face as she felt a fresh wave of pressure from her bladder.

Suddenly Kahlan was freed from the conversation when plates began to be cleared and the guests began to rise and walk around the dining area. Now for a brief period of time they would nibble on delicacies and sip drinks being served throughout the room as they conversed. Soon the evening would be over and she could at last relieve her aching bladder.

With these thoughts boosting her resolve Kahlan stood to join the guests, but immediately froze with a small hiss of pain escaping her. Sitting seemed to have been making the task of containing the ocean of pee within her bladder slightly more bearable and the instant she had risen, her control had waivered slightly as her bladder fought to release its contents.

Though it took an enormous effort Kahlan stood and maintained a calm appearance despite that underneath her white confessor’s dress her thighs were trembling slightly and her panties now sported a slight wet spot from her momentary loss of control. She needed to do something fast!

Gritting her teeth, Kahlan walked throughout the room doing her best to maintain a semblance of calm as she searched for the person she needed.

After a few minutes she finally spotted a young skinny girl with short, messy brown hair walking around serving various guests wine.

“Hello Allie, are you doing well?”

Hearing her name the young girl spun around and immediately beamed when she saw it was Kahlan.

“Mother Confessor! It’s been so long, I am doing great thanks to you.” The girl said with a grin.

Earlier that week before Richard and Kahlan had left for the Peoples Palace in D’hara, Kahlan had discovered a young, dirty orphan girl who had been on the verge of starvation. Kahlan had rescued the poor child and after feeding her, promised to find the girl a home. However, the girl refused to part from Kahlan and begged to be allowed to come to D’hara to work in the palace so she could repay Kahlan.

“Allie I am afraid I need to ask you to do a bit of a favor for me.” Kahlan said in a low voice that only the young girl could hear.

“Of course Mother Confessor name it and I’ll see it done.” The girl said eagerly.

Another wave of desperation hit her and knowing Kahlan had no time to waste she leaned towards the girl and whispered her instructions.

“And don’t mention this to anyone else, understand? Now off you go.” Kahlan said as the child nodded with a slightly confused look and hurried off.

Every moment was a constant battle with her bladder at this point. As Kahlan walked she could feel with each step her aching bladder throb painfully as the copious amounts of pee sloshed around.

Despite having no desire to do so, Kahlan joined a group of lords and ladies in conversation using all of her will power to maintain her usual calm and friendly appearance and keep her trembling legs.

After a few moments of conversation that she could only barely follow she felt a tap on her shoulder.

The guests she was with all ceased their chatter and took a few nervous steps back as they noticed the large soldier of the first file, the personal guard of Lord Rahl, who had suddenly appeared. The man was well over six and a half feet tall and was covered to the teeth in armor, weapons, and rippling muscles.

Kahlan glanced towards him as he leaned in a muttered for a few seconds in her ear. She listened and nodded a few times before saying, “Ok I understand I’ll see to it right away, you may return to your post.”

“Is something amiss Mother Confessor?” a few of the lords and ladies asked nervously.

“I’m afraid so, nothing dangerous mind you, but I am afraid that I must step out for a few moments to discuss some urgent business that has come up. I do hope you all will forgive this terrible rudeness.” Kahlan said.

They all nodded and assured her that they understood completely.

“Thank you for your understanding, I will return momentarily.” Kahlan said with a nod to the guests as she strolled across the dining hall and slipped out quietly into the empty halls of the palace. As the door closed behind her Kahlan immediately gave a sigh and hunched over pressing her hands between her legs, through her dress and twisted her legs together.

*004*2013-09-11 07:37

Chapter 3-

“Thank the spirits that worked.” Kahlan thought as she quickly shuffled through the candle lit halls toward the nearest restrooms. Allie had followed her instructions perfectly, when the soldier had spoken to her he had done nothing more than mumble incoherently in her ear and then left when she had dismissed him. The intimidating man had played his part perfectly demonstrating the unquestionably loyalty men of the first file had for her and Richard. The guests she had been with had no reason to question her story and would not take her sudden departure as any sort of slight.

Now she could focus on her desperate situation. She still couldn’t understand how for the first time in her adult life she had gotten this desperate so quickly. Kahlan had never had trouble sitting through long political meetings, dinners, or war councils, yet tonight she had been reduced to sneaking away and shuffling towards the restroom holding herself like a little girl after actually leaking in her underwear!

As Kahlan entered the hallway with the restrooms at long last, she gave a groan of impatience and composed herself as she spotted someone standing by the doorway.

Not wasting any time Kahlan approached the restrooms to confront who she discovered was one of the regular guards who typically worked elsewhere in the palace.

“What are you doing in this section of the palace soldier?” Kahlan asked impatiently, in no mood to be polite.

“I was ordered to guard this area to ensure none of the guests or staff came by, apparently the plumbing on this entire floor is malfunctioning and no one is to enter until it is repaired.” The man said in bored voice, clearly not pleased with his new duties.

Kahlan muttered a brief acknowledgement and walked briskly away her white dress billowing behind her.

“Don’t panic.” Kahlan repeated to herself under her breath as she rushed through the hallways as quickly as her desperate bladder would allow.

“If I go to the next floor I can just go to our bedroom and use our private restroom there and be back at the dinner before suspects a thing.” Kahlan thought cursing her poor luck as she reached the stairs and felt the pressure in her midsection more acutely as each step jostled her aching bladder.

“Kahlan there you are!” a voice called out from the top of the stairs.

“Unbelievable” Kahlan thought miserably. A tall, beautiful, blond haired woman with piercing blue eyes, dressed in a tight, form fitting, red leather suit raced down the steps towards her.

“What is it Cara?” Kahlan asked trying to contain the frustration of yet another delay keeping her from her porcelain throne out of her voice.

Cara was one of Richard and Kahlan’s closest friends and as a Mord-Sith was also one of their deadliest protectors. Unfortunately for Kahlan at the moment the blond Mord-Sith was increasing the danger of a puddle on the floor.

“Lord Rahl asked me to find you immediately, he said he had to take care of something and asked that I make sure you said farewell to the guests in his place.”

“Fine but I have to take care of something as well so it will have to wait a few moments.” Kahlan said trying to go past her old friend.

“It’ll have to wait, the guests are getting ready to leave right now and if one of you isn’t there it could result in some serious problems in the future.

These are powerful political members of the D’haran Empire after all, upsetting them would be very unwise.” The blond woman said.

Then without allowing a single word Kahlan was forced to follow Cara back to the dining hall despite her bladder’s continuous protests of distress.

Unfortunately Kahlan knew that Cara was right, without Richard being there it was her duty to say farewell to the guests.

“I just hope I can do it without humiliating myself.” She thought as she massaged her swollen bladder trying not to imagine what an accident would be like in front of so many people.

Before long, Cara was ushering her into the dining hall where sure enough most of the guests were already preparing to leave. Kahlan took a deep breath and clenched her muscles forcing herself to hold on just a bit longer as one by one she shook hands and said farewell to the guests as they took their leave.

The process felt like an eternity for the poor woman and her desperate struggle was noticeable as several of the guests asked if she was feeling well when they noticed her strained face and her occasional odd shifting movements. It had taken several minutes to reassure a group of dignitaries from Tamarang that she was ok after another small jet of pee had managed to escape her tired bladder muscles adding to the growing wet stain on her underwear and causing her to gasp and momentarily hunch over.

Luckily for Kahlan after one final goodbye to an elderly lord and his lady she was able shut the doors at long last, having managed to last without a complete accident, though she could tell her panties were now almost completely soaked from the last leak.

Kahlan quickly dismissed all the guards and servants until at long last she was alone. With fierce determination that only a woman of her bearing could muster, she began the final dash to reach the toilet.

Abandoning all pride Kahlan pressed both hands against her crotch ignoring the fact that her dress would likely get wet from her panties, and moved as fast as she could through the hallways and up the stairs towards her and Richard’s bedroom.

Fortune seemed to finally be favoring her as she did not encounter a single other person to witness her humiliating desperate walk to the toilet, looking no different from when she had been a child who had waited too long to seek relief.

As Kahlan reached the top of the stairs once again her tired muscles failed to prevent another small hot spurt of pee from escaping. Her soaked lacy white panties could no longer absorb any more liquid and her control was truly tested as she felt a small trickle of warm pee run into her hands and down her leg.

“No! Not yet, just a little further.” Kahlan whimpered as she forced herself to stop the flow and keep moving.

Wasting no time she hobbled down the hallway and threw open the door to her and Richard’s bedroom. At long last she had made it, across the room the door to her long awaited relief.

Without a second thought Kahlan ran across the room and turned the knob and shoved open door of the restroom.

“This can’t be happening.” Kahlan said in a panic as she franticly pushed on the door again and again.

“K-Kahlan?” a woman’s voice called from within the bathroom in a shaky voice.

Kahlan looked at the door wild eyed, “Cara what are you doing in our bathroom?”

“F-forgive me Kahlan I-blurgh- think I might have eaten something tha-blarg, the first floor restrooms were closed and this was the closest one avail-aughrgh.” The rest of whatever the woman was saying was drowned out as she retched loudly into the toilet.

“Please Cara I need you to open the door! This is an emergency!” Kahlan yelled nearly hysterical as another small spurt of pee escaped and dribbled down her legs.

Unfortunately her cries were to no avail; as Cara gave no response other than continue her violent heaves as she vomited.

Kahlan was out of options, her exhausted bladder muscles were slowly betraying her and there was no chance of her making it to another restroom.

“Cara please, you have to let me in! I can’t wait any longer it’s gonna come out any second if you don’t…” Kahlan’s final plea was cut off as she gasped and then gave a small whimper and slowly removed her trembling hands from between her legs, as the loud pitter patter of liquid splashing down on to the wooden floor filled the room.

The beautiful dark haired woman couldn’t hold back a small moan of relief as her long struggle with her aching bladder came to an end.

Her muscles had simply reached their limits and now a numb feeling enveloped her entire midsection. All she could do was simply watch as a torrent of hot golden pee flowed through her soaked panties, down her long luscious legs, and pooled onto the floor below.

How could this have happened? She hadn’t had an accident since she was a child and now she had completely lost control. The blushing woman sunk to her knees and continued to watch helplessly as her bladder continued to empty. Her white confessor’s dress had a large wet patch on the front from where she had been holding herself and now an even larger stain was covering the back as urine flowed through her soaked panties.

Her entire body trembled as she wrestled with dozens of the different emotions filling her. She was obviously embarrassed to the extreme, as well as growing frightened now at what would happen if she was discovered. However, as the puddle began to grow even further outwards, she realized she actually was feeling a bit of pleasure. Though she hadn’t believed it was possible, somehow her face grew even redder, as for some reason excitement raced through her body.

“I’m sitting here wetting myself like a little girl, how can I actually be getting turned on right now?” Kahlan thought.

At long last after what had felt like an hour her stream finally finished. As the last drops ran down her beautiful, pale legs, the mother confessor couldn’t suppress a low moan of pleasure and relief.

“Well I can’t say I blame you for enjoying that, I didn’t think it was even possible for you to hold that much.”

Kahlan gave a gasp of surprise and jerked her head upward, where instead of the closed bathroom door; she was greeted with long muscular legs clad in crimson leather.

Cara leaned casually against the doorway examining Kahlan and her massive wetting accident with an amused expression.

“I must say, I couldn’t believe it when you actually lost it, but there was no doubt when I heard what almost sounded like a waterfall out here.”

Kahlan couldn’t find the words to respond as she stared at her friend in shock. The blonde Mord-Sith was still grinning and certainly didn’t have the appearance of someone who had been in the bathroom throwing up.

“It certainly looked like you needed that.” Cara said with a smile looking at the puddle that was surrounding Kahlan and had nearly reached the bathroom door.

Shaking her head and laughing quietly Cara directed her gaze away from Kahlan, “So did my performance meet your expectations Lord Rahl?”

Kahlan’s entire body froze on hearing Cara’s words. Dreading what she was about to see, Kahlan slowly turned around. Sitting there on the bed with his face unreadable was her husband Richard Rahl.

“Yes Cara, that will be all for this evening. See that we are not disturbed and remember what I told you.”

“Yeah, yeah. I’ll take what happened tonight to my grave, but honestly Lord Rahl I have my doubts that anyone would believe me anyway. I mean who would actually think Lord Rahl would have some sort of crazy fetish like thi…”

“Cara!” Richard’s eyes flashed as he spoke in a low, but clearly dangerous tone.

“Not another word. Thank you for your assistance tonight, you are dismissed for the evening and once again you are forbidden to speak a single word to anyone about what I have had you do tonight.”

Sensing that Richard wasn’t in the mood for her teasing, Cara gave a low bow and quickly skirted around Kahlan’s large pool of pee, before taking her leave.

Silence filled the bedroom as Kahlan and Richard sat staring at one another. Richard sitting on the bed tense and expression unreadable, and Kahlan still openmouthed in bewilderment.

“Why?” Kahlan said weakly.

Richard gave a small sigh and put his hands on his knees as he looked away from her.

“Well Kahlan, I know this is going to sound incredibly bizarre and I know that you must be miserable right now, but you need to give me a chance to explain. I promise that I will accept any punishment, even if you want to leave me, but only after you hear me out.”

Kahlan gave a small frown and shifted around to lean on the wall, causing some small splashes, as she waited to hear Richard speak.

“Well it began that morning last week when you wet the bed. You see, I sort of have this…thing for girls and peeing. More specifically I enjoy seeing women get desperate to pee and end up accidently wetting themselves. I can’t really explain why, but I’ve pretty much enjoyed it for my entire life.”

Richard paused and gave a small glance towards Kahlan, who was still frowning but was showing no signs of interrupting so he continued.

“Ever since the day I met you back in Westland I have dreamed of seeing you wet yourself, but, I simply couldn’t bring myself to admit it to you. Even after we got married I was terrified that if I ever told you about it you would think I was a freak or humiliate me by spreading my secret. So I vowed to simply forget about my fetish and keep it a secret from you, but that morning caused something to snap in me. Seeing you wet the bed like that was incredible, it was one of the most amazing experiences I’ve ever had and you looked so erotic and beautiful Kahlan. It wasn't enough though. I needed to see you have a real accident; every day after that morning I thought I was going to lose my mind I wanted it so bad. However, I still couldn't bring myself to tell you, despite knowing how detestable it was, I ended up creating a plan to make you wet yourself.

After how long I’ve known you I knew how strong willed you are and that making you lose control wasn’t going to be an easy task. My first step was to obtain a few rare ingredients that I used to spike a bottle of wine, which I ordered to only be served to you throughout the dinner party tonight.

Normally they help a person flush out toxins from their body, but for my purposes they were able to speed up your body and create a very real and very urgent need to pee.

Next I convinced the waiting staff and the guards that a pipe had burst on the floor of the dinner party causing all restrooms on that floor to be unavailable. I figured eventually you would find a way to sneak out of the party to go find relief, so I had guards posted at every restroom. In addition for extra security I recruited Cara.

As our closest friend and my most loyal guard I knew she was the only one I could turn too to ensure my plan was a success. Though it was humiliating to explain it, she agreed to help me. In her words, “Compared to some of the other cruel and deadly things I was ordered to do under the previous Lord Rahl, helping you make your wife wet herself for a kink seems rather harmless.” She helped ensure that you didn’t go near any other restrooms in the palace except the one in our bedroom and once you arrived there she was to stall you just long enough for you to lose control. I was watching the entire time this evening and was even able to follow you after you said farewell to all of the guests. You were so focused on your bladder that you didn’t even notice me following you or that I was sitting right here the whole time you were losing control.”

Richard took a deep breath and laid his head on his hands.

“Kahlan I realize that what I did to you tonight was a complete violation of your trust and your body. I am so sorry. I understand if you can never forgive my actions, but I truly love you and would never do anything to hurt you Kahlan.” Tears were in Richard’s eyes as he begged his beautiful wife, who was covered in pee, to forgive his betrayal.

For a long time Kahlan didn’t say anything she simply sat on the ground in the middle of her puddle taking in what Richard had said.

Then with a few splashes and drippings Kahlan swiftly rose and walked straight over to Richard and looked him in the eyes.

“You are a complete and utter idiot.” Kahlan said in a low voice.

“I-I know.” Richard said in a shaky voice as he looked away, dreading what was about to happen.

“After the last few years of knowing me you actually thought I would mock or humiliate the man I loved because he had some odd fetish?”

Now it was Richard’s turn to stare in shock.

“W-what?”

“While I admit it’s a little…unique I would never share anything so personal or mock something that’s just a part of you Richard. I love everything about you and that’s that.”

Richard broke into a grin and jumped off the bed and brought Kahlan into a hug nearly crying from happiness as Kahlan protested. “Eww Richard I’m covered in pee don’t hug me!” But her protests were ignored and finally she simply sighed and sunk into his embrace.

“I do have one question though.” Kahlan said suddenly separating herself from him, once again frowning.

“What would you have done if I had lost control and wet myself in front of all those politicians tonight? It could have ruined my reputation throughout D’Hara and The Midlands if the Mother Confessor had peed herself.” She asked with a blush once again covering her cheeks.

“Oh I had already thought about that. I spoke with Nicci and although I didn’t explain why, I asked her to help me master a difficult piece of magic. Though I still don’t have full mastery over my powers as a war wizard, a powerful former sister of the dark like her was able to work with me to learn what I needed.”

“Nicci taught me how to use subtractive magic to erase memories from people’s minds. Eventually I was able to master it to the point where I could use it on large groups of people at once. In the event that you lost control too soon, I was at hand to make sure no one would have any memory of you wetting yourself.”

Kahlan nodded satisfied with his explanation, though her face remained red.

“So, um, you were sitting there on the bed the whole time I…I was going?” Kahlan said turning away from him in embarrassment.

Now Richard was blushing a bit as he nodded in answer.

Kahlan sighed and punched him playfully on the shoulder.

“I still can’t believe your plan actually worked. I haven't had an accident during the day like this since I was just a little kid.”

Now that his worries were gone a different look came into Richard’s eyes, an almost hungry look.

“It was incredible though, I couldn’t believe how much you were holding, the whole thing was better than anything I could have ever imagined, I nearly jumped on you then and there when you started moaning.” He said as one of his hands slipped down her back and felt the still warm and wet material on the back of her dress.

Kahlan was wide eyed in embarrassment. “Richard!”

Her blush grew even greater when she felt something hard beginning to poke her in the stomach, informing her just how much he was enjoying her predicament.

“I still can’t believe you actually enjoyed me wetting myself.” Kahlan said. “Besides you would moan too if you had needed to go as badly as I did.” She said defensively.

“Really because I was actually wondering Kahlan, was all that moaning only from relief?” Richard said with a sly grin.

Now Kahlan was really going red and tried to pull away from him, but he held her firm.

“Come on Kahlan, I was only a little ways away and if I didn’t know any better I might actually have thought that even if it was just a little bit, you enjoyed wetting yourself.” Richard said in a low sexy voice in her ear.

Kahlan tried to look at anything but him as she tried to deny it, but unfortunately Richard could see right through her and continued to press her.

“In fact I might even wager that the great Mother Confessor liked being in such a childish situation. A public scenario where out of nowhere, you were hit by an overwhelming urge to pee, each moment that passed making your struggle more dire. All those people around and like a little kid the Mother Confessor in desperately trying not to have an accident in her clothing, I suspect that you even lost control once or twice and leaked a bit.”

As Richard spoke Kahlan breathing was growing heavier and she could feel her entire body getting hot. Richard slowly worked the back of her wet dress up and rubbed his hand along the soaking wet material of her lacy panties.

“You a grown woman was slowly losing control and wetting her panties. What would those politicians think if they knew? But, things were looking up when they were all finally gone; you had just barely managed to control yourself without a full blown accident. You hobbled all the way up those stairs holding yourself just like a little baby didn’t you Kahlan? Then when you finally reached our bedroom and tried to get in to our restroom you found it occupied. Just like a child you danced around trying to hold on until finally you lost all control and went and had an accident in your clothes. Instead of using the toilet like a big girl you just stood there and peed all over yourself…Mmmf!”

Richard was cut off as Kahlan suddenly slammed her lips against his in a deep and passionate kiss.

They fell back onto the bed and were lost in their own world as they kissed, until finally they were forced to break apart for air.

Kahlan had a wild and lustful look on her cherry red face, all the confirmation Richard needed to prove the truth of his words.

“You know Richard I was a bad girl and wet myself. I was wondering if maybe you could help me clean up and get out of these wet clothes.” Kahlan said in a deep, sultry voice in Richard’s ear.

Without a moment wasted Richard jumped up and gathered Kahlan into his arms bridal style, carrying her towards the bathroom.

“Oh my you’re right Kahlan, you must’ve really needed to go. I suppose a nice hot bath is in order for a naughty girl like you. No need to be worry though, I can help you out.”

Kahlan grinned at him and snuggled against his muscular chest.

“Thank you Richard and I’m so sorry I wet myself like that, I’m so embarrassed.” Kahlan said playfully.

“Oh no need to apologize Kahlan, everyone has accidents now and then, even the Mother Confessor.” Richard said with a smile as he carried his beautiful, wet wife into the bathroom for a bath.

Thanks for reading everyone, this chapter will likely mark the end of this series for me, although I won't 100% rule out the possibility of a short follow up chapter involving a future scenario of Kahlan exploring wetting some more. I hope you all enjoyed it! As usual please feel free to comment with any constructive criticism or advice, I am always hoping to improve my writing. Thanks again!


