Story a Day - Your idea could be my next story

Author: MrMakeherWait

*000*2012-07-23 02:17

I'm going to try and start writing a short story a day. The goal being to improve my writing as well as my contribution to this site. Wet at Walgreens (http://omorashi.org/topic/7651-wet-at-walgreens/

) is my first. The intention is around 500 words, but this one got to 779. If anyone wants to suggest ideas or places I thought that might be fun. Please remember I'm not going to write a story that I wouldn't also enjoy myself.

I enjoy: [female] desperation, accidental wetting, forced wetting (not being allowed to go, etc), humiliation, close calls (barely making it with some leaking), pull-ups, etc...

So don't suggest a story about a girl pooping her pants, not going to happen. :-) Also remember the goal is short... so there won't be room for tons of elaborate plot or character development... I actually think perhaps if you suggest a place and maybe a little context that would work... then all the stories could be named "Wet at ..."... as in "Wet at Disneyland", etc.

Anyone interested in contributing their ideas? If I write a story based on your suggestion I'll give you credit for the idea.

*003*2012-07-23 04:52

Oh, and I don't do fan-fics... mostly because I'd have to know the material to do anything good and I'm just not that into popular fiction. Girl at her job that gets distracted and uses up her break times... love it. :) That will be the next story. Thanks for the suggestion.

*007*2012-07-23 17:44

I like the cheerleader idea... I have another day on the current story (turned in a 2-day-er) but I'll tackle the cheerleader story next. :)

