Harry and his little problem

Author: Kylie

*000*2012-05-23 00:46

This is my very first story and on the short side but I will write more on the topic. Hope u like it!!!!!!

Harry awoke with a start. He glanced at the clock and sighed when it read 2:00am. Then he felt something cold and wet all over him and the bed. Then he gasped realizing he had wet his bed.

Draco heard that gasp and woke up himself wondering what was wrong with potter. He saw the curtains were pulled around harry's bed and shrugged. Maybe he was hearing things.

Harry got up to call the house elf opening the curtains he saw that Draco was awake. He held back a groan couldn't things go his way for once. It just would be too lucky if dumbledore had changed his mind about this dorm arrangement.

Draco saw Harry attemp to get up. Then smelled the sharp scent of urine and saw the wet sheets. "awwww did baby potter have an accident" he said. He knew it was cruel but he was supposed to be mean to Harry.

Harry tore towards the bathroom not wanting to face him. I'm ruined he thought malfoy is gonna tell everybody. He called upon a house elf to clean the sheets. By the time he returned to the room even though it was 3:00 Draco was gone. He was worried about were he was but glad he was not there. Little did he know Draco had told every slytherin.

###

By harry's 2nd class (potions with snape) he was on the verge of tears every slytherin had teased him today. Snape noticed that Harry did not look good but ignored it. Draco and his buddies started mouthing things to Harry across the room until Harry started crying. There was only 2 minutes left to the class when snape saw Harry. Before dismissing everybody snape said "mr.potter I would like to see you after class to have alittle talk"

###

(to be continued)

*004*2012-05-23 21:38

This one is longer than the last. Hope like it!!!!

Oh no, what could snape possibly want Harry thought to himself as snape approached. "Mr.potter is there a reason why you were disturbing my class with your crying." snape said coldly. Harry gulped I...I ...well... "I do not have all day potter speak up!" the professor yelled. Harry finialy gave in " malfoy and the other slythirins were teasing me very badly today."

"about what mr.potter." snape said softer than before. Harry had been praying that question wouldn't come up in this completely humiliating conversation.

Before snape got angry again Harry said " well as you may know malfoy and I were assigned dorms together recently."

" go on" snape said eagerly

" well I-I-I wet the bed and he found out and told everybody about it" he said with a shaking voice

That brought painful memories back for snape

FLASHBACK

Serveus snape get in here right now the 15 year olds dad yelled

"yes sir?" snape replied

"What is the meaning of these wet sheets!!" mr. Snape roared

"i'm sorry dad it was an accident I promise please do not be mad" snape whimpered

His dad slapped him across the face " if you want to act like a baby I will treat you like one is that understood" mr.snape said coldly

"yes sir"

###

"Mr. Potter do not worry about it I will have a talk with them" snape said softer than Harry had ever heard him before

"ok" Harry said

"but since you did not finish your potion you will stay until the potion is perfect" snape said alittle bit firmer

Harry panicked he had to pee quite badly now and did not think he could hold it that long but he willed himself to try. Halfway through this Harry could not last 5 more minutes. He uncertainly went to ask snape if he could be exused.

"professor snape may I be exused?" asked Harry

" what did you not get about no leaving the room, now get back to work" snape said not bothering to look up.

" but....

Just at that moment harry's bladder decided to release itself without his permission. Harry began to cry he could not believe he was wetting himself in front of THE professor snape.

###

I hope to be updating soon

