The Troubles of Touring: A Rock Band's Saga

Author: Guest Tascheter

*000*2015-09-20 04:27

My first omorashi story. Feedback is much appreciated.

Sophie Vogel stood in the driveway leading up to her apartment complex, holding a suitcase in one hand and a guitar case in the other, a backpack hanging off one shoulder. The wind whipped through her long brown hair, blowing in in front of her face, and she shook it off as she peered down the street in front of her. Where were they? They said they'd be there at 8:00 sharp, but it was 8:27 and still no sign of them. Sophie just sighed. If she'd learned anything since joining Sound and Fury, it was that schedules didn't mean much. Still, she knew they'd show up. They'd never failed her before.

Sophie had been learning a lot in the past two weeks, ever since she'd been wandering through downtown on a blustery Saturday and spotted a piece of paper tacked to a telephone pole. GUITARIST NEEDED, it read, and that was enough to pique her interest. After all, guitar was her passion, and playing in a band had been her dream since junior high, but she'd never been able to make it happen. So it was with excitement that she grabbed the paper, looked below the hand drawn graphics, and read that local band Sound and Fury was looking for a rhythm guitarist. She grabbed the piece of paper and took it home, calling the number written there on a whim late that night, and with some trepidation found herself with an audition date. She was hired immediately after.

And now was the day that Sophie had spent the last two weeks preparing for, learning every Sound and Fury song down to meticulous detail, quitting her dead end job at the local sleazy bar and getting a whole new wardrobe, including the black skinny jeans and Misfits t-shirt she was wearing now. Sound and Fury was going on tour, and she was coming along. It was everything she'd ever hoped for and more, and the lateness of her band mates hardly served to dampen her excitement. This was her chance! She'd never really done any performing outside of her high school talent show, and now she was going on a tour around the whole Northwest. If only the rest of Sound and Fury could bother to show up!

She had a feeling that she knew the reason they were late. After last night's practice ended, Phoebe, the drummer, invited everyone into the kitchen and began mixing Jägerbombs. Sophie managed to duck out, not really having the taste for alcohol, but she was sure that everyone else in the band was going to be pretty hung over. But not her; in fact the opposite was true. She'd gone to bed early, knowing it'd probably be the last good sleep she'd have in a while. In the morning, she woke up early, packed, sat down to a huge breakfast of eggs, bacon, and a lot of tea, and then showered and got ready, walking out to the curb at 7:59. And now she waited.

Finally, however, she saw a black van emerge onto the street, making its way toward her with no real hurry. This was the touring van, as evidenced by the lightning bolts spray-painted on the side below the stenciled words SOUND AND FURY. This was "the van" amongst the band, with no more clarification needed, as Sophie had found out. Pressing further, she found out that this was the same van the bassist Marlowe had bought seven years ago after finishing high school. Though it was nearing 200000 miles, and was certainly the worse for wear, the band would not think of parting with it.

The van pulled up in front of her, and from the passenger side Marlowe jumped out, gloved hands reaching for her suitcase and guitar.

"What's going on?" he asked, taking both from her and heading for the back of the van.

"Not much," Sophie replied. "Excited to get on the road."

"Ain't we all." He gave her a grin, opening up the back and throwing her stuff in. Marlowe was probably the friendliest of the band, an affable man in his early twenties, with long shaggy brown hair and a predilection for trenchcoats. Marlowe was his stage name, one that he took after forming Sound and Fury with his lifelong friend Hazel, and Sophie hadn't really gotten around to asking him what his real name was yet, although she was more than a little curious. He'd been by far the most welcoming, however, and she didn't want to get on his bad side.

"You got stuck with middle seat," said Marlowe apologetically, walking around to the passenger side and pulling his seat forward so she could get to the back. Sitting next to him in the driver's seat was Hazel Lindenshire, the band's singer and de facto manager. She was one of the founders of the band, and held imperious control over the finances and logistics of Sound and Fury, along with delivering some of the most convincing angry vocals Sophie had ever heard. Sophie had kind of been in awe of the imposing woman ever since she met her, and barely mumbled out a reply when she was greeted by Hazel. Instead, she slung her backpack into her hands and climbed into the back, situating herself in between her remaining two band mates.

Jonathan Edwards, the lead guitarist, sat on her left with earbuds in, leaning against the window, and Phoebe Starr, the drummer sat on her right, tapping out a rhythm on her legs. Both raised hands in greeting, and Sophie replied in kind, sitting down in the cracked upholstered seat and pulling the seatbelt across her lap. It was as she did so that she felt a twinge in her bladder, like the gentle plucking of a guitar string, and she frowned. She hadn't gone to the bathroom since early this morning, and it looked like those cups of tea were catching up to her. Never mind. It wasn't a problem or anything.

"Alright," called Hazel. "We got a long day of driving ahead of us, so get comfortable." She started the van, executing a neat U-turn and pulling away from the apartment building.

"Where are we going tonight?" called Phoebe.

"Goddammit, I've told you all a hundred times,” said Hazel. “We're crashing with Marlowe's friend in Klamath Falls tonight. Tomorrow we go to Medford and play there.”

“Well, alright then,” said Phoebe, nothing daunted, settling back in her seat. Sophie reached into her backpack, pulling out a slim paperback: the collected stories of H.P. Lovecraft. Marlowe had recommended it to her; second only to his love of rock was his love of literature, and he was constantly trying to push books on his bandmates, as Sophie had seen at only the three band practices she’d been to. Luckily, he did have rather good taste, and Sophie soon found herself engrossed as the van continued on its merry way.

The first hour or so was spent in relative silence; as she suspected, Phoebe and Jonathan were clearly suffering the effects of last night, Marlowe had his pad of paper out, possibly working on a new song, and Hazel was concentrating on driving. Sophie passed the time reading, watching the scenery through the front windows, and daydreaming about her first real show. But it wasn’t long before the inhabitants of the van began to get a little more restless, Sophie included. Her bladder was definitely starting to make its presence known; it wasn’t a problem, just a mere discomfort, causing Sophie to shift around a little in her seat. Still, she hoped that they would stop for a break soon. She’d never had the largest bladder, and this was definitely not the time to test her limits.

“Hey! Anyone want to stop up here?” called Hazel from the front, gesturing to a blue sign reading REST STOP 3 MILES.

“ ‘M good,” murmured Jonathan.

“I don’t need to,” said Phoebe.

“Me neither,” said Marlowe, looking up from his paper. Sophie shrugged; well, if no one else wanted to stop, she certainly didn’t want to inconvenience them. It wasn’t like she needed to stop or anything. If the rest of Sound and Fury was fine, then she would be fine with them.

“I’m fine,” she said, and Hazel nodded.

“Alright- Hey! What do you think you’re doing, you bastard!” she yelled at the car in front of them that had cut them off. Phoebe joined in the verbal abuse, raising a middle finger, and the topic was soon forgotten.

It wasn’t long, however, before that topic was the only thing on Sophie’s mind. She needed to go; there was no denying it. If before her bladder was giving her the gentle twang of an acoustic guitar, now it was sending her sharp, percussive chords, and she began to press her thighs together, deeply regretting the choice of skinny jeans. Sure, they looked great on her, but they were cutting into her bladder with a vengeance. Still, she was fine. She was completely in control. It wasn’t like she was having any problems holding it or anything -

A sharp pang hit without warning, and she barely muffled a squeak, bending forward ever so slightly and crossing her legs tightly. A second later, it subsided, and Sophie hurriedly returned to her old position, brushing a stray strand of hair out of her face, looking around to see if anyone had noticed. Luckily, Jonathan was still out of it, and Phoebe was never the most observant person anyway. Sophie breathed a sigh of relief, still keeping her legs pressed tightly together. She was fine. No problems whatsoever.

The van just rattled along down the open highways, going a constant 12 miles over the speed limit. Sophie’s condition was steadily worsening as the clock ticked away, and she was forced to keep constantly shifting positions, hoping that none of her bandmates would notice and ask her what was going on. Her bladder felt like a leaden weight, and the jeans certainly weren’t helping matters any; she wished dearly that she could just unbutton the top button, but surely someone would see. She just had to keep holding. It wasn’t like they were going to drive forever, after all.

Finally, Hazel changed lanes and pulled off the highway, and Sophie almost cheered. The band must be stopping for lunch! Surely, the restaurant would have some sort of bathroom that she could use! Indeed, the van pulled off at the first restaurant they saw, a Burger King, parking in front. Hazel turned the car off and handed the keys to Marlowe. “You drive for a while.”

“Alright,” he said, getting out of his seat and moving it forward for the passengers in the back to get out. Sophie unbuckled and stood up slowly, before realizing to her horror that in order to get out she would have to clamber over the collapsed seat. Slowly, with palms clenched, she stepped with one leg over the seat, immediately feeling a massive wave of desperation hit her. She quickly swung the other leg over, leaping out and crossing her legs tightly, jamming her palm into her crotch. The wave subsided, and quickly she stood up, hoping dearly no one had seen that embarrassing display. If they did, no one said anything, and the five of them walked into the Burger King together.

“I’m gonna hit the bathroom,” Sophie announced, somewhat shakily, and Jonathan nodded.

“Me too,” he said, marching off towards the single room in the back. Sophie followed him as he walked in and immediately walked out.

“Son of a bitch!” he swore. “That place is fucking foul!”

Sophie peeked her head in, and saw that he was not lying. The bathroom was one of the nastiest ones she’d ever seen. Water and waste lay everywhere, along with half of a six pack of beer and some hypodermic needles; the stench almost made her throw up. Behind her she heard Jonathan complaining to the manager, who seemed rather surprised about the thing; it seemed that this mess was a recent affair. Groaning, Sophie made her way back to the rest of the group. There was no way she could use that. She’d just have to wait.

She was handed a burger, and the group made its way back to the van, Sophie moving more than a little hesitantly, eating her lunch in a few bites as she did so.

“Yo!” called Marlowe. “Phoebe, you take middle now. Sophie, you can have left side.”

Sophie nodded, barely registering what he was saying, instead focusing on how to get into the van without incident. Gritting her teeth, she stepped up, putting one leg over the seat; to her absolute horror, and despite all her efforts to stop it, a small spurt of hot pee jetted out. As quickly as she could, she jumped into the back, sitting down and crossing her legs, holding her crotch for all it was worth, cutting off the flow. She could feel the waters pounding at the dam walls, and she knew she had to do something or she wouldn’t last five minutes. Quickly, with her thighs still clenched, she unbuttoned the top of her jeans, and sighed with relief as she felt the desperation subside to a manageable level. Quickly she positioned herself so Phoebe wouldn’t be able to see the top of her jeans, mentally preparing herself for the ride ahead.

The next hour was pure torture for the girl, as she struggled to hold back her pee without letting her band mates know. What would this group of rockers think if they knew that the fifth member of their band was on the verge of completely flooding her pants? Sophie couldn’t bear to think of that. She had to prove that she was just as capable of surviving the rigors of touring as they were. She wasn’t a little girl anymore; she was going to be a rock star. And rock stars knew how to wait.

She squirmed around in her seat, occasionally pressing a hand to her crotch when she thought her bandmates weren’t looking. But it was becoming increasingly clear to her that she wasn’t going to last for much longer. Her bladder was sending throbbing power chords of pain to her brain now, and despite anything she did, her desperation was only getting worse. Her eyes widened with shock as, suddenly, another short jet of pee dribbled out without warning. Horrified, she looked down at the crotch of her jeans. You couldn’t see anything yet, but if she didn’t get somewhere in time, that wouldn’t be true for much longer. She didn’t think she could bear the utter humiliation of wetting herself like a child in front of the band she so longed to impress, but she was beginning to realize how close that was to happening.

“Anyone need to stop?” asked Hazel from the passenger seat, pointing to a sign announcing another rest stop up ahead.

“Yeah,” announced Jonathan. “I gotta piss like a racehorse.”

“Spare me the details,” said Hazel in exasperation, as Sophie’s heart leapt in joy. The god of rockers was looking out for her today, it seemed, as Marlowe pulled off the road and into the parking lot of the rest stop. Hurriedly, Sophie unbuckled, not even bothering to remove a hand from her crotch as Hazel jumped out and moved her seat forward. Phoebe climbed out, agonizingly slowly, before Jonathan got out, seemingly in not much better shape than Sophie was, and dashed off for the bathroom. Finally, it was Sophie’s turn. Somehow, she managed to get herself out of the van with only a few more drops left, and stiffly marched off to the bathroom.

Just then, as she walked towards her salvation, the worst wave of desperation yet hit her, and Sophie began to run, knowing that if she didn’t get a bathroom soon, all would be lost. Squirting out small spurts with every hard footfall, the young rocker burst into the women’s room, dancing around with wild abandon as she pulled down her jeans to her knees and dashed into a stall. Slamming down onto a toilet, not even bothering to pull her panties off or close the stall door, Sophie finally let sweet relief consume her.

A massive jet shot into the porcelain bowl, and Sophie almost moaned with relief at how good it felt to just let it all out. The hard stream persisted for another theory second or so before it began to taper off, sending out small shoots before dribbling to a halt. Finally, it ended, and Sophie could stand up to inspect the damage. Her panties were sopping wet, but her jeans were unharmed, and Sophie shrugged. She could go commando for a few hours. All things considered, she had been pretty lucky.

She disposed of her underwear, pulled her jeans up and made her way back to the van, where Hazel was calling everyone over.

"Marlowe's friend just called. His plumbing's gone to shit. So no showers, and if you think you're gonna have to go to the bathroom I'd do it now. We have a long night ahead of us."

*001*2015-09-25 06:48

I absolutely love it! More, more, more lol. Especially the major desperation right before the wetting.

*003*2015-09-26 23:25

Like it! More to come?

*005*2015-09-28 05:08

Thank you all for the kind words! Part 2 is on its way

*007*2015-10-28 15:32

Don't let this story die!

*008*2015-10-29 15:57

Sorry for the lack of updates I've been really busy lately. I'll probably have part 2 up this weekend

*009*2015-12-24 01:48

Wow it has taken me forever to write this. I hope it's worth the extremely long wait! Feedback, as always, is awesome.

Sophie Vogel was pacing around the cobblestoned patio, nervous energy rushing through her. This was it. This is what she’d been looking forward to for the last two weeks, this is what she'd been dreaming about for the last fourteen nights, this is what she’d been worrying about for these past fourteen days. It was the first show of the tour. In just a few minutes, she’d go up and perform in front of hundreds of people, and there was no turning back. It was both the most exhilarating and the most terrifying thing to ever happen to her.

One last time, she ran through her mental checklist. Her guitar was tuned and ready to go; she had another guitar backstage tuned to Drop D. She had her bottle of water, and had just got back from the bathroom. She knew the setlist like the back of her hand. The amps sounded fine. All she had to do was get up there and shred.

“Hey!” It was the house sound guy, peeping his head out of the door that led backstage. “Fury and Sound, or whatever you guys are called! You’re on!”

Around her, the band jumped to their feet, and together the five of them followed the sound guy through the door and down a set of stairs. The stage was empty; their equipment was set up. All they needed to do was plug in and go.

“Alright,” said Marlowe. “Let’s do this.”

A wave of panic seized Sophie, but she still found herself grabbing her guitar, walking up to her amp and plugging in. It was only then that she looked up into the blinding stage lights. She couldn’t make out the audience very well, but she could easily see there were people in the hundreds.

Sophie took a deep breath. Everything was going to be fine. More than fine; they were going to kick ass! Everything she ever wanted was in front of her, and all she had to do was reach out and take it.

“Everyone ready?” asked Marlowe. Sophie gave him the thumbs-up, and behind her she heard Phoebe begin the count off. Her fingers knew what to do; she launched into the song with no problem, and heard a wave of cheers go up. The show was on.

The first half was great, but slowly Sophie began to realize something was amiss. The show was going awesome so far; the crowd was loving every minute of it. But something seemed off about Hazel. She was singing fine, but with way less passion than usual, and her stage banter was nonexistent. She seemed stiff and uncomfortable, twisting her legs and wriggling around. It was lucky that everyone else was having an incredible night. Jonathan was playing like a madman, diving on the whammy bar and making the guitar wail. His manic stage presence was more than enough to distract the crowd from anything else.

Marlowe’s bass was in fine form, and he was picking up a lot of the slack, bantering with the audience like an old pro and even approximating the vocal line when Hazel missed a verse. Phoebe was hitting the skins like she meant to pummel them into oblivion, and Sophie herself was having the time of her life. All her worries had left her; she was playing off of Jonathan in a way that surprised even herself, and she knew it sounded great. But she was starting to worry about Hazel. What was going on?

Finally, they paused to switch into Drop D, heading backstage to grab their other guitars. The second they were out of the audience’s sight, Marlowe rounded on Hazel.

“What the hell’s going on?”

“I’m about to fucking piss myself,” Hazel said through gritted teeth. “I have to pee so bad right now, you wouldn’t even believe it.” Sophie saw the vocalist was bent over slightly, hand pressed into her crotch while she squirmed back and forth.

“God dammit,” said Marlowe, as he grabbed his bass. “You, if anyone, should remember to fucking piss before shows!” He shook his head. “Look, we have four songs left. Are you gonna make it?”

“I think so,” said Hazel, sounding less than confident.

“We gotta go,” said Jonathan, worried.

Marlowe nodded. “Look. We’ll do the banter and all that shit. You can just sing. It’ll be fine.” And with that, Sound and Fury walked back out on stage, Hazel grabbing her crotch while pretending not to, looking on the verge of tears. Sophie shook her head. She doubted Hazel would make it through one more song. What were they going to do? They couldn’t go on without a vocalist, but they couldn’t have one of their members piss themselves on stage either. Hazel just had to hold it.

Their next song was painful. Hazel was struggling to sing, standing on the stage with legs clamped together and wriggling around. It was easily her worst performance of the night, and the crowd was beginning to notice. They were still getting into it, but nothing like before. Sophie cursed under her breath. Hazel was the frontwoman! She wasn’t supposed to be the one to forget something as essential as wetting before the show! This may not have been the worst case scenario, but it was pretty close.

But eventually, the song finished, and they launched into another, trying to finish the show as soon as possible to let their struggling vocalist find some relief. But it was just going worse and worse. Hazel was leaving entire lines out of the song, hitting flat note after flat note. The crowd was growing restless. And then, as the musicians launched into the outro, Sophie saw Hazel jump a little, then almost bend over. She stood up immediately, but Sophie saw the damage on the back of her jeans; a wet patch, glistening in the stage lights. Probably not viewable from the audience, but pretty close.

Marlowe said as few words as he could, and Phoebe counted off the penultimate song, way faster than normal. Sophie went along with it, fingers flying on the fretboard, as she saw Hazel step up to the microphone, then suddenly turn and book it for the wings. As she ran past, Sophie saw streaks of pee run down Hazel’s legs. She’d really done it. She’d pissed herself on stage, and now Sound and Fury was truly screwed. She could hear the audience murmuring; they knew something was wrong. Why else would the singer just go and run off stage? Oh, shit. They wouldn’t have to cancel, would they? Their reputation would be ruined. They’d never get invited back.

She looked around in panic, just as she saw Jonathan step up to right where Hazel had been. He looked oddly relaxed as his fingers began to fly, and the audience stopped their murmuring and began to cheer at his improvised solo. Sophie had to fight to keep her jaw from dropping. It was incredible; virtuosic, yet completely in time and in tune with the song. Once again, she thanked her lucky stars for being let into this band. This was nothing short of amazing.

But once the song/solo finished to an explosion of cheers, Sophie knew the band faced another dilemma. They still had one more song; their grand finale, the song that all the regional radio stations were playing. They couldn’t finish without it. Their fans would be crushed.

Not knowing exactly what she was doing, but knowing what had to be done, she stepped up to the mic, avoiding a small puddle of pee. Marlowe nodded and turned back to the rest of the band, giving them the a-okay sign, and Phoebe counted them off. And so they launched into their last song, to another round of cheers, Sophie singing her heart out. She wasn’t as good as Hazel, of course, but she knew the song like the back of her hand, and she could carry it well enough. Her heart was pounding, but she put on a smile the whole way through, up until the final chord. The cheers at the end were deafening, and Sophie could help but laugh with pure relief as she stepped away from the mic. It was another success for Sound and Fury, and it couldn’t have happened without her. Now, she truly belonged.

