Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 5

Author: Alexxx

*103*2012-08-27 14:01

(Sandy POV)

Nova looked adorable laying in the fresh, Cerulean grass. Static looked over and was apologizing profusely at his accidental rough play, but I assumed Nova wasn’t displeased.

Now that we were out of the cave, we could finally stop walking. I leaned against the outer edge of the cave, thankful to finally be able to cross my legs. My bladder was screaming for release; it took nearly all of my self-control not to grab myself simply out of need.

It would be worth it though. Josh was in a worse state then I was; I noticed him pressing down on himself every few moments, and looking worried. I knew he was determined to beat me, but the way he kept holding himself betray his need.

I rubbed my legs together.

“How can you be standing there so calmly?!” Josh grumbled, pressing down on himself suddenly. “Didn’t you drink the same amount of water I did? I mean, I’m bigger then you, how can you not be as desperate as I am?”

“A cute guy told me that it was about self-control.” I grazed his stomach with my fingernail, causing him to recoil backwards again.

“Augh! Stop it!” He giggled, and crossed his legs hard.

“I don’t think I’ve ever seen a guy as ticklish as you. Are you really that ticklish, or are you just messing with me?”

“If you poke me again you’ll find out; I’ll make sure to pee all over you!”

“Kinky.” I grinned. Josh growled and focused on not leaking. I poked him once more for good measure, making him howl with laughter and crumple up into a little ball. Satisfied, I turned my attention elsewhere.

Nova was still lying on the grass, but his attention was now focused on Static and Wigglytuff. Wiggly was hopping around more erratically then before, skipping small circles around Static. Static smiled her antics.

"Don’t laugh at me!" Wigglytuff pouted, dancing in circles. Static just grinned wider. "What’s that look for?"

"Just thinking what I wouldn’t give to push on your bladder like last time."

"S-shut up!"

"You looked so cute, blushing and covering yourself…" Static taunted.

"That was really embarrassing Static, that’s not funny!" Wigglytuff barked. Static smiled sheepishly, staring at Wiggly’s antics. "I’ll make you pee yourself and we’ll see how funny it is!"

"That would be cheating." Static smiled. Wigglytuff looked at Josh and I, and pointed an accusatory finger at us.

"They’re doing it!"

"’They’?" Josh muttered weakly. "I think one person out of the two of us is being falsely accused." Suddenly his eyes grew wide, and he slammed his hand against his groin. From his position on the ground I could see him bouncing ever so slightly.

"How’re ya doing down there Josh?" I mocked.

“…Lovely.” He whispered through gritted teeth. His hand had not moved, and his legs had also crossed at the knee. Seeing someone desperate in real life was such a different experience… knowing he was minutes away from wetting himself, already struggling so hard…

I tried to curb such thoughts for the sake of my Poke-speak, but I couldn’t resist. Instead I just turned it to private with only Josh included.

Seeing Josh in such a state only added to my own desperation. I grinded my legs together to help ease the overworked muscles keeping my urine from pouring out. Another wave of desperation hit me and I doubled over, but I kept my gaze on Josh. I didn’t want to miss a second.

Josh mumbled something under his breath and tightened his grip. He slowly pushed himself to standing, all the while keeping one hand firmly planted on the fork of his legs. I feigned another poke and he instantly flinched away.

“What’s wrong?” I purred. “I just wanted to hold your hand…!”

“Should have asked sooner then…” He grumbled. I smiled and walked closer, placing one hand innocently on his stomach. He shuddered.

“Whaaaaat?” I smiled devilishly. “Don’t you trust me?” Josh’s back was against the outer cave wall, pinned with my hand dangerously close to his bladder.

He looked around in a moment of panic, before his eyes met mine, with a pleading glance.

“Y-yeah, I trust you.”

“Liar!”

“No, really, I trust you completely.”

“Well, you shouldn’t.” I drove my finger across his stomach, and he howled with laughter. Both of his hands now pressed down on himself in a desperate act to remain in control. I grabbed one of his hands and tugged it away from him, placing it on my hip. I could hear a hissing sound accompanied by Josh grimacing, then staring exasperated at me, but grinning nonetheless.

“Damnit.” He laughed, as the inside of his jeans changed dark blue. The small spot on his crotch was now much more noticeable, and the hand he was holding himself with now hung limply in front of him in defeat.

“You cheated.” Josh smiled, blushing as his pants grew darker. I crossed my legs.

“How so?”

“Like this!” Josh grabbed me by the waist and whirled me around so that I faced the cave wall, then pressed on my bladder roughly. I yelped as my pressure increased, and my hands dove to my jeans. I slid down the cave wall to avoid further of Josh’s torment, but not far enough.

He pressed on me again, this time not letting up as easily. I tensed, my fingers crammed in-between my legs, refusing to give up.

“Aaaah, stop! That’s not fair!” I whined. He grinned, bouncing his hand on my bladder once more. I felt a quick spurt escape, but I wasn’t sure if it was enough to be noticeable.

He pressed again, and another leak squirted out. This time it was definitely noticeable, with both my pants getting fairly wet and the small cry that escaped my lips. I knew if he pressed one more time I couldn’t hold it.

“Aaaah, come on, you’re a better sport then me right!?” I felt another spurt release despite lack of provocation, causing me to tremble.

“Debatable.” He smiled evilly, pushing down on me one last time. There was nothing I could do as the final, uncontrollable leak burst out of me, soaking the front of my jeans, and the grass around where I sat. I sighed in relief, but growled at Josh as he grinned at my pleasure.

“I still beat you.” I growled.

“I still won, as far as I’m concerned.” He said, staring at my darkening jeans. I stood up causing the pee to rush down my legs, and grabbed his shirt, tugging him closer, and kissed him with my angry passion.

“Call it a tie.”

*105*2012-08-31 01:57

(Nova POV)

"You won’t beat me you know…"

"Yes! I! Will!" Wigglytuff exclaimed. Static stared at Wiggly as she danced around him, holding herself so she wouldn’t pee. How did she last that long? Static didn’t even look like he needed to go at all!

Well, maybe a little bit judging by how much he’s shifting around. Also sometimes he crossed his paws.

"Lets head to the Cerulean pond." I heard Josh’s thoughts enter mine. "Sandy and I need to wash our clothes really quick before we put them in our backpacks; we wouldn’t want to put pee-soaked clothes with all our other gear."

"Oh, so keen on getting me naked, hmmm Josh?" Sandy laughed. Josh blushed in confusion.

"W-what?" Josh exclaimed

"How would we wash the clothes and put them in our pack? We would have to change."

"Uh, I guess I hadn’t thought of that."

"Liar!"

"Seriously…! I mean, I brought a change of clothes, and I knew about the pond, but I didn’t think about…"

"Yeah, yeah. You boys are all the same."

"Honestly! Hey, we could just wade in the water, and keep the clothes on. It’s sunny, we should dry off soon enough. No one would tell."

"Oh." Sandy thought softly. "Yeah, uh, I guess that would work. It would dry really slowly though, wouldn’t it be better if-"

"Well, we have awhile to walk before hitting Cerulean, we’re in no rush. Plus it’s better than being naked right?"

"Right…" Sandy looked to the side awkwardly.

"Can you two PLEASE stop talking about being wet!? Or getting wet or going into ponds and stuff? PLEASE!?" Wigglytuff yelled, small paws shaking with annoyance.

"Awww, I was enjoying the topic of choice." Static taunted.

"Shut up, Static." Wigglytuff hissed.

"Hey, um, Josh?" I whispered. "I think I need to rinse off too, my fur is kind of wet-"

"I can HEAR you!" Wigglytuff growled at me. I shrunk back.

"I was whispering though!" I defended.

"We’re talking telepathically, you idiot."

"Oh, right…" I shrunk back.

Augh, I can’t do anything right. At least I made it out of the cave before I wet myself... I would have hated to make Josh embarrased for my sake. Maybe I shouldn’t even play these games…

"Hey Nova, are you okay?" Josh bumped me lightly with his foot.

"Huh? Yeah, I’m okay."

Josh ajusted his pokespeak and glanced at Sandy, who then ajusted hers. Suddenly Wigglytuff looked upset.

"What? No, he needs to get over it." Wigglytuff stomped angerly. After a slight pause she exclaimed ‘No!’ and grumbled.

"Come on Wiggly, it was an accedent." Josh said, now in public chat. Wigglytuff puffed up angerly.

"No, I’m not! And don’t say ‘accedent’!"

"Wiggly." Sandy pressed.

"No!"

"Come on, people aren’t going to want to play with you if you’re gonna be a bitch about it."

"Oh, you can call me a bitch, but I can’t call him an idiot?!"

"Wigglytuff, come on. You know what I meant. He didn’t."

"Oh come on!"

"Wait." I shook my head confused. "Are you guys talking about me?"

Wigglytuff sighed and took a deep breath. "Sorry for calling you an idiot. There."

"Oh, um, it’s ok. I didn’t notice." I mumbled.

"See? What did I tell you." Wiggly sighed exaperaded. She grabbed herself again and crouched down. "You guys are making it hard to concentrate…"

"Sorry." I muttered. Josh nudged me with his foot and smiled, making me feel a little bit better.

*109*2012-09-05 02:12

I heard a low moan, which I assumed came from Wiggly. She had stopped hopping, and instead had both bottom paws crossed in desperation. Static watched in giddy anticipation as she displayed more and more of the signs of rapidly losing control.

As we neared the river, Sandy whispered something to Josh which caused him to giggle silently.

"Honestly, I’m starting to believe you just WANT to." Josh laughed.

"No I DON’T!" Sandy shouted, now on public thought. "It’s just that, you know, I value effeciency. I don’t want to be wearing wet clothes all day, you know? Plus they dry faster when we’re not wearing them. It’s like, twice as fast."

"Well, if you want to, feel free. I wont mind the view."

"I’m not supposed to do it alone…! Augh, nevermind." Sandy growled. Josh smirked and rested his head on her shoulder.

"Really, I wont mind…" He pestered.

"Shut up."

"I’ll hold your clothes if you want…"

"Shut up."

"I can help you dry off…."

"Be quiet!" Sandy grumbled exasperated, and pushed Josh down the slight hill. Josh lost his footing and tumbled unto the lake, crashing against the waves with his back. "Shit, Josh, are you okay!? I’m so sorry!" Sandy yelped.

For a horrifying second, Josh was beneath the waves. Thoughs raced through my mind: Did he hit his head? Should I go after him? What if my tail got wet? What if something was DOWN there, and ate Josh? What if Josh died and turned into a zombie, but like a water zombie, that swims and hides under the-

Josh reamerged from the lake, and shook his head to clear the water.

"Oh thank GOD. Are you alright, Josh!?" Sandy yelled down to him.

"Hah, yeah, I’m fine. You know what would make me even better though…?"

"You are INSUFFERABLE!" Sandy yelled down, laughing. I sat down in the grass relieaved everything was alright, when I heard a hissing sound behind me. Wigglytuff stood behind me, looking mortified. Static looked over at her, and noticed the large puddle under her, along with her bewildered expression.

"You…lost?" Static asked, watching Wiggly slowly pee herself.

"I, um, I didn’t even realize." She gulped. "I was scared for Josh’s sake, and stopped paying attention just for a second…stop staring!"

For a horrifying second I thought she was talking to me, but I realized she was speaking to static when he retorted.

"What else am I supposed to do?"

"I don’t know!" She hissed, in more ways then one, "Go make sure Josh isn’t drowning!"

Static rolled his eyes, then dashed into the lake causing a huge spash. Josh winced as specks of water covered his already damp face.

"You could at least WARN me!" Josh thought, annoyed. Static grinned.

Sandy joined in shortly afterwards, along with Wigglytuff.

"Hey Nova, are you coming in?" Josh hollered. "Come on, the water’s warm and everything!" I bit my lip. I couldn’t get the tip of my tail wet, plus there were probably fish in there…they could brush against me, or eat me, or drag me under the water! I shivered.

"Wait. Oh gosh." Wigglytuff grimaced. "Static, you never went after I did. Weren’t you at, like, a seven?"

"Yeah."

"Then what happened?"

"The lake happened." Static grinned.

"Oh that is GROSS. We’re all swimming in it! That’s weird Static, don’t do that!"

"Oh, that’s too weird, huh?" Static thought-laughed, cupping a large amount of water into his mouth, then spitting it out like a fountan. "But peeing yourself for pleasure isn’t? I think you’re weird."

"You like the same….AUGH!" Wigglytuff puffed up angerly, splashing static. He smirked sheepishly.

All in good fun.

*110*2012-09-08 19:23

(Josh POV)

We walked across the fresh Cerulian grass for awhile longer, chatting and drying off. We traded jokes, laughed about our odd habits, and laughed at each other’s antics.

Unfortunately, it couldn’t last forever.

“Hey, Josh…” Sandy sighed, getting my attention, “I have to be heading out… I probably should have left awhile ago, actually.”

“Augh, so soon?”

“Well, some of us have to actually WORK, you know. We can’t all be battling all the time like you.”

“The world would have more shattered trees and dented walls, that’s for sure.” I laughed. “What do you do, anyway?”

“I’m an intern at the daycare in Celadon City. Someday I want to run a place where we can take care of mistreated and abused pokemon, and give them back to deserving trainers.”

"Like me?" Nova’s eyes lit up. "Like, find trainers for Pokemon that aren’t wild but don’t…have one?"

“Exactly.” Sandy smiled warmly at Nova.

"I don’t want to leave…" Wigglytuff pouted, looking gloomily at Static. Static shared the same expression.

“Don’t worry, we’ll be back soon.” Sandy said, planting a kiss on my lips. “I promise.”

She pulled a pokeball out of her belt, and tossed it in the air, revealing a gigantic orange dragon.

“ZAAAAAAAARD!” It roared, shaking the ground upon it’s release. I stood momentarily petrified in fear.

The Charzard turned to me, and grinned a mouthful of pointed teeth.

“You have a Charzard?!” I yelped.

“Nah, She’s a friend’s actually. Same one that loaned me the Clefairy and the Krookidle. She knows I like battling, and she’s generous, haha.”

“Do you own ANY of the pokemon you battle with?” I laughed.

“Yes! Wiggly is mine. She’s my first, and favorite.” Wigglytuff happily hopped into Sandy’s arms. “Errr, no offense Zara.”

"None taken." The Charzard’s thoughts rumbled as loud as her voice in my mind. "I know I am not yours to possess; It makes me more pleasure to know my master is the one who cares for me the most. To you I am just for travel as she dictated."

“Right…” Sandy mumbled. The Charzard continued to stand valiantly against the sun, as if made of stone. Sandy turned her attention back to me. “So, yeah. I’ll catch you later, alright?”

“Alright. Promise to check your texts every millennia, alright?”

“No promises!” Sandy laughed, mounting the Charzard. “Alright, see you! Wigglytuff, return!

Wigglytuff disappeared in a flash of red light, and static was l left in mid embrace with just the wind.

“Bye!” I yelled up to the clouds as she took off. The Charzard’s strength was admirable; within just a few beats of her wings she had flown a great distance.

Static looked sadly at his hands. "So…now what?" He asked. "Now we go to the gym?"

“Ehhh, let’s sleep first. It’s getting late, plus you should have your full strength for the battle tomorrow.”

"You mean Nova?"

“No.” Static and Nova both turned with a look of surprise, though Nova’s gaze looked like one more of relief.

"What do you mean ‘no’?" Static blurted, "Do you want me to fight?"

“Well, Nova has a natural 3x disadvantage with no super effective attack, and he’s scared of fish, so I thought it might be best to leave him out of this one.”

"Thanks." Nova whispered quietly, just to me. He hugged the cuff of my jeans.

"Alright, I get to fry some fish! Where’s the nearest gym?" Static smirked, in a pouncing stance.

“Sleep first, Stat.”

"Augh, yes MOM." Static stuck his tongue out at me, grinning.

*111*2012-09-14 16:27

(Nova’s POV)

It was SUPER late once we finally reached the Pokemon Center. The sun had long since set, and the moon cast terrifying shadows across the once crisp, green grass.

The light of the Pokemon Center was a much needed relief after walking for so long in the shadows. Every moment out there if felt like something was behind us, ready to eat me or Josh or static, or hurt us, or scare us.

At least we were together, though. Josh was there, and he’s big and strong. And Static was there too.

Static made me feel safe…

"Alright, we made it! See, it wasn’t that long." Josh announced confidently. I swallowed my disagreement and walked in.

“Hello!” A friendly looking nurse at the counter waved. “Are you looking for a room?”

“Yes please, thanks.” Josh replied. “How much for a room with three beds?”

“We, um, don’t allow that here.”

“…Sleeping?”

“No, humans and Pokemon sleeping in the same room.”

Josh gave her dubious look.

“It’s not racist, it’s a new policy.” The nurse explained.

“It’s still a bit racist, don’t you think?” Josh questioned, “Segregated rooms?”

“…Look, this will all blow over soon.” The nurse sighed. “It’s just a temporary precaution because of the incident last week.”

“What incident?”

“A week ago a trainer came here with his Gardevoir and-”

“OK, SEGREGATED ROOMS!” Josh interrupted, slamming his hands over his ears. “NOT A PROBLEM, just don’t explain further, please.”

“Will do, I hate retelling it anyway. Two rooms?”

“Yes please.”

She handed Josh the two pieces of plastic, and he handed one to static. I stared at the plastic rectangle in his hand.

"Hey Static?" I prodded.

"Yeah?"

"What’s that thing you’re holding?

"It’s the key to our room."

"Key? But it’s a piece of plastic! Won’t it bend?"

Static gave me a stare like I was an idiot, and turned away. I still didn’t understand, and now I just felt stupid.

True to his word, Static slipped the piece of plastic into a hole in the door, and the door opened. It confused me, but I decided to just shut up about it.

“Alright guys, I guess I’ll see you in the morning? Don’t stay up too late you two, gym battle tomorrow!”

"OOOOH yeah, better watch out for those level twenty water pokemon." Static rolled his eyes. "I’ll need to be at my best to face those guys."

“Be modest, Static. Plus you’ve never fought these pokemon before, AND Misty is supposed to be a very good trainer.”

"We’ll test that tomorrow." Static grinned. "Night Josh!"

"Night Static! Night Nova!"

Josh closed his door, and Static and I entered our own room. Static tossed the ‘key’ onto the table, and jumped onto one of the mattresses. I stared at the piece of plastic.

"It’s an ELECTRONIC key, sheesh. It works with electricity and stuff." Static barked, seeing my continued interest in the key.

"But how does it work?"

"With like…I don’t know. Magnets and stuff…I guess. Human stuff. Augh, I’m tired." Static yawned, exposing his small, pointy teeth. "There’s….no reason for us to stay up, right?"

"No. I’m pretty tired too, actually."

"Awesome, lets go to sleep then. The faster we get too sleep, the faster we get to fight the next Gym!" Static’s arm rested limply off the bed, and I looked at it longingly before I curled up in my own bed.

"lights out?" He asked.

"Yeah."

The room became instantly pitch black, and deathly silent. I thought about Static’s paw again…

"Hey…hey Static?" I asked hesitantly.

"Yeah? What’s up?"

"…do you think we could ever hold hands?"

"Huh?"

"Like you do with Wigglytuff. Just kind of walk, and hold hands…together."

"No, Pokemon don’t do that with others of the same gender."

"Why not?"

Static paused for a moment.

"I don’t know…" He responded. "It’s…weird."

"Why?"

"I don’t know, people just don’t do it."

"but we’re not people-"

"You know what I meant." Static barked. I sunk deeper in my bed. "Plus I’m dating Wiggly, and you’re not supposed to hold hands with two people."

"Why?"

"Because people don’t do it!"

"People are stupid. Why do we have to do what they say?"

"…Go to sleep." Static ordered, exasperated. I sighed and curled up beside my pillow.

I laid silently for a moment, thinking.

"…but wait." I thought. "Most people don’t pee themselves, but we do that. We’re allowed to be weird when we do that. Why are you okay with that, but not with-"

"Hey Nova?" Static interrupted.

"Yeah?"

"Shut up."

"Okay…" I mumbled.

‘…Well, at least I could hold my own hand…’ I thought to myself, as I sighed and drifted to sleep.

*116*2012-09-17 01:19

It makes me super happy when people post :D I'm surprised to see four comments actually. I was getting pretty down that no one had posted recently, and begun to think people were losing interest :[

*121*2012-09-17 14:54

( ^_^ much love felt. Thanks you guys "3)

(Static POV)

"Ppppppssssttttt."

I opened my eyes really slowly, to see the shadows of the night still covering the small room. I looked around to see why I woke up, but I didn’t see anything. I rested back on my pillow.

"Ppppsssssssssst."

…What was that? It sounded like a hissing sound, like a leaky valve, or a-

"PPPSSSSSSST…! Static!" Nova hissed.

Nova. Of course.

"What?!" I growled. "Why did you wake me up?"

"B-because I have to pee." I looked over to the bed next to me to see Nova squirming beneath the sheets.

"Congratulations. Go to the bathroom then." I rolled back over.

"B-b-but it’s dark!" I heard a muffled moan from Nova’s side of the room. "Please? I really have to pee, I can’t wait much longer…!"

"Please what? What do you want me to do?"

"…Can you come with me?"

"OH MY GOSH Nova, it’s like two steps away, literally."

Nova squealed and his hands dove under the covers. He winced.

"Pleasepleasepleasepleaseplease!!! I don’t want to pee myself here, Josh will be mad at me, and it will be humiliating!"

"Then just GO TO THE BATHROOM."

"I can’t!"

"Why!?"

"Because I’m scared!"

"How would I help with that?"

"I don’t know…" Nova relaxed for a second and shrugged. "You…make me feel safe, I guess."

"I’m not getting up…"

I heard Nova yelp, then whine again.

"Pleaaaaase Static? I think I already accidentally peed a little…"

I glared at him for a moment before giving up. "Fine, come on then." Nova tore the covers off his bed and jumped down, hand still buried in the fork of his legs. He winced on the impact with the ground.

"Well? Are you going or what?" I asked, when Nova just stood in place.

"…Can you go first?"

"Why would I go first, I’m not the one that needs to-"

"P-please? I reallyreally have to go, I don’t…" Nova bent over and pressed himself harder.

"Okay, okay, come on." I walked quickly to the bathroom, Nova shuffling hurriedly behind me.

"Thanksthanksthanks!" Nova thought hastily as he tore open the door, and ran inside, and slammed it shut. After a second I heard a shattering sound and a trickling sound shortly after.

"Nova?" I asked hesitantly.

"Ahh, ahh, it’s fine, don’t um, don’t come in."

I glared at the door as I heard glass remnants being swept to the side of the bathroom, and a towel being drawn from its rack.

After a minute or so, Nova walked out, face massively red.

"W-what?" He asked, questioning my suspicious look.

"What do you mean ‘what’?" I asked, "What broke in there?"

"W-what do you mean?"

"Augh!" I stormed in the bathroom, and Nova cringed in anticipation. In the corner there was a towel that was wrapped around shards of what use to be a ceramic pot. "You knocked it over?"

"It was ON the toilet! Who puts a pot there?!" He asked sheepishly. "Like, the tank I mean."

"It’s fine, Josh’ll fix it tomorrow I’m sure." I yawned. "For now let’s just throw the glass stuff away." I reached to grab the towel, but recoiled when it was warm and wet.

"Nova…." I growled.

"…yes….?" He cringed.

"Why is the towel wet?"

"I, um, when the pot broke, it scared me and stuff, and I didn’t, um…."

"You didn’t what?"

"I didn’t…make it all the way."

I face palmed, and stared at the mass of pot shards and wet towels. "So let me get this straight. Instead of getting a NEW towel, you used the one that you just used to wipe up your pee to clean up the broken pot.

"Yeah..."

"WHY would you do that!?"

"I didn’t want to waste the towel…"

Grimacing, a grabbed the towel, and dumped the pot shards into the garbage. I then tossed the towel into the bathtub, turned on the water, then went to the sink to wash my hands.

"Static, what are you doing?"

"Cleaning up after you!" I barked, thoroughly scrubbing my hands. "I don’t want this room smelling like pee tomorrow, so we need to wash the towel out."

"Okay." Nova gulped, and tried to stay out of the way. I walked back to the tub, rinsed the towel off, rung it try, and tossed it over the shower bar.

"I’m going to bed." I stated, and walked out. Nova trailed behind me, and walked to his own bed. I covered myself up, yawned, and got comfortable.

"…Hey Static?" Nova whispered after a long pause.

"…What?" I hissed.

"…Thanks."

I rolled my eyes, but he didn’t see.

"Well, someone has to look after you." I laughed quietly.

"Well, I’m glad that person’s you."

"Yeah yeah, just keep your hands to yourself."

I heard him laugh quietly. "Okay. Goodnight, Stat."

"’Night Nova."

