Story writing competition - part II - Page 3

Author: Flush

*052*2011-11-28 06:42

I'm sorry; judging is taking longer than I expected - some results are in but some are not (2 out of 4 to be precise) I'm trying to keep all judges aboard... But I agree, this is taking too long. No ETA yet, but I hope soon.

And yes, the stories will be published. Question for the authors; what is your preference - that I post the stories with your name, or that you post the stories with your own account?

*055*2012-01-02 20:16

Story competition month 1 - Aftermath

Hey all, hope you had a splendid new years eve or day; 2012, a new year for omorashi.org! Yay!

And maybe also a new story writing competition? The first competition has just ended, and I got some PM's in the past about writers who wanted to join but were too late to meet the deadline, unfortunately. We also have some new writers aboard on the omorashi.org ship, maybe they want a chance to show off their talent in a contest too?

But first things first; I want to know what you guys (= contestants, sympathizers, readers,...) thought about the last competition - we're not perfect, and I'm certainly not perfect. I want to improve the negative points and keep the positive ones, and for that; I'll need your comments!

Timing

Obviously the timing of the judging could have been waaaay (seriously, way) better, but how about the rest of the competition?

Was the given 50 day period long enough to write the story? Or should it be longer (lets say 2 months), or shorter (something like 30 days), something else?

If you had a question about the competition while writing, do you think you got an answer in time?

Judging

Did you find the judging criteria to be sufficient and representative?

If no; what "judging category" (like style, grammar, spelling,...) should be added/removed, and why?

Was the judging process transparent enough for you?

For the writers; do you agree with the final verdict?

Judging team

Do you think a team of judges was the best solution?

If yes; Was a team of three judges representative enough, or do you think a smaller or bigger team would be more efficient?

If no; would a single judge be a better idea?

Or maybe you think it would be better to let the entire omorashi.org member crew decide; no judging team but a voting thread instead?

Prize

"Dude, next time make the prize $1.000.000!" Just kidding ;)

Seriously, any remarks? Keep in mind that it was just a private investment by only... well me.

I sent $15 to the winner. It's a small prize, but it's also a small competition.

Contestants

Well, just one question by me; do you think last months winner (in this case: Meowth) should be allowed to enter/win the new competition?

A: Yes off course, why not? If a new talent wants to win, (s)he has to do it by his/her talent and not because of some stupid rule!

B: No, we should give new talent a chance to win this competition. Maybe the winner can join the judging team or something like that?

Anything else? Just comment!

