Pokemon Omorashi Short - Page 4

Author: Alexxx

*076*2016-03-16 03:27

{{:

Whoa. Remind me to watch my manners in front of wheatley here.

Alexxx, is there a name for chases condition?

}}

It's not a condition! It's a legitimate sexual orientation called romantic asexua-

{{:

I think it may be obsessive compulsive disorder.

}}

Oops :X. Almost went full SJW there for a second. Sorry, I'm a sensitive soul ;_;

Yes, it's a form of OCD, pertaining to obtrusive thoughts and symmetry and orderliness

. Essentially, it's a mild for of OCD until he is stressed, in which case he feels the overwhelming need to organize his surroundings (and check to ensure they are organized, even if he knows they are), and experiences negative, crushing thoughts if he refuses to do so, along with feelings of pain, anxiety, and nausea.

*080*2016-03-19 15:05

### Volt ---

“I’m surprised you like walks at night.”

[Really?]

“Yeah. I thought you would be…nervous, I suppose?” Abby scanned the area. “I used to be terrified of the dark. Or, at least, what I thought could be in the dark.”

Volt shook her head. [i’ve always loved the night. It’s tranquil and quiet, in a way daytime never really is. Plus, there’s less people around. No offense, of course.]

“It’s not offensive to have a phobia.”

[still though, I feel like it’s rude.]

“Well, are you scared of me?”

I stopped for a moment, sitting on the curb, under a flickering lamp. The streets glistened with freshly fallen rain, still pooled on the streets. My breath fogged in front of me as I gazed ahead at the glittering lights of human civilization in the distance; the greens and reds against the black pavement, and the warm yellows of their unnatural, beautiful light.

Some Pokemon never fell into human culture. They experienced a permanent type of culture shock that never truly goes away. They remain wild, even if some of them really do love their trainers. Their hearts are forever torn, left in a place between realms; the unforgiving wilderness, and the human settlements of ten-thousand tiny rules.

That wasn’t me, though.

I loved humanity. I loved the warm smell of coffee in the morning, the snug coat made tailor-fit to me, and the warm bed to call my own. I got a rush with every new friend I made online, and found no greater joy than the finished work of my next so called masterpiece. I loved this culture, the technological advancement, and the way everyone interacted so seamlessly.

I loved humanity.

But I feared humans.

When I cross the street, I still feel the cold clutch of panic inside my heart if someone walks too close. As if they’ll grab me and take me away, burn me, cut me again and again, and leave me bleeding on the street.

I grabbed my coat tighter.

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to...”

[Don’t worry about it.] I smiled. [it’s…gonna happen. I can’t really turn it off.]

Abby frowned, staring into the black water. “So. You are still scared of me?”

[i’m scared of everyone.] I sighed.

“That’s…that must be exhausting.”

I scooted closer to the curb, wiggling my feet in the open air. [Though, when it gets really bad, it’s awful. I saw someone wearing the same shirt, and it felt like it was happening all over again. I couldn’t breathe, and I…] I blushed, choosing to leave out some key details. [it was super bad.]

“Sorry.”

I shrugged. [Do you believe in god?]

[Of course!]

[Me too.] I nodded.

“I’m sorry you have to hurt.”

[Pain is temporary, I think.]

“I certainly hope so.”

I turned to Abby. Her eyes looked misty, reflecting the lights of the water and the streets.

[Are you okay?]

“No.” She shrugged. “But some days it’s okay to be not okay. I’ll still be not okay next week, and I can deal with it then.”

I scooted closer, hugging Abby’s leg. [What’s wrong?]

Abby leaned to the side, cupping my ears in her hand, and stroking my scalp. I felt her tremble, and merely offered my warmth for support. She didn’t answer for some time, but I felt a tear drip on my head.

“O-oh, sorry.” She sniffed.

[it’s okay.]

“It’s, um, work. My s-stupid boss fired me.”

[What for?]

“It’s…!” Her voice cracked, and she took a breath. “I wanted to meet some clients face-to-face, and he wanted me to work on phones. Cold-calling, and stuff. I just-! I can’t sit still that long. It drives me insane. I have to move, or do something else!” She slammed a fist against the sidewalk. “When he forced me into that little cubicle, I couldn’t stop fidgeting, getting up to pee seven times an hour, just as an excuse to walk around a bit. I tried explaining, but…”

Abby slumped. I joined her, leaning against her leg. “When there are ten-thousand other unemployed sales people in the world, you’re easily replaceable. The question isn’t ‘how can I make you your best’, it’s ‘How easily can I r-replace a b-broken worker...”

[You’re not broken.]

“Hah. Well, thanks.” Abby wiped her eyes with a sleeve, and turned to me. “Enough about stupid work stuff. Any tragedies in your life you want to talk about?”

[Well. I think I’m in love with your brother.]

Abby blinked, biting the inside of her lip. “Seriously?”

[Yeah.]

“How long?”

[A few months, I think.] I swallowed.

My heart raced inside my chest. I wasn’t sure what compelled me to be so honest, but it felt good getting it out into the open. In truth, I wanted to say it to Chase, not Abby, but if anyone could give me advice it was her.

“Wow. Wow. That’s heavy.”

[Yeah.]

We sat in silence for a few moments as Abby stared into the clear black waters.

“Have you told him?”

[Not yet.]

“Are you?”

[Do you think I should?]

Abby took a deep breath. “Volt…Chase hasn’t always been the most receptive in terms of…romance.”

[What do you mean?]

“I just…” Abby sighed. “Don’t get your hopes up, or…build him up to something he’s not.”

[You don’t think he feels the same.]

“I didn’t say that.”

I scooted off her leg, and looked her in the eyes. [but that’s what you meant, isn’t it?]

Abby closed her eyes, and swallowed painfully. “Yes.”

I slumped on the sidewalk, hot tears on the edge of my eyes. Duh, I thought. He hasn’t taken a partner in all the months we’ve been together. Why would he want me?

“I’m sorry, Volt. I didn’t mean-”

[No.] I sniffed. [You were honest. That’s…that’s all I wanted.]

She scooped me in a hug, which I graciously accepted. My heart was broken, but somehow, it felt as if one day, it could be whole once more.

### Travis ---

[We could troll the Arcade! Steal quarters from the little punks outside, and see who’s the better fighter. I’d bet I’d win. My thumbs would be faster!]

“I’m really not in the mood.”

[Oh! How about a movie? There’s this one about a jungle, with this human who thinks he’s a Pokemon, and it’s supposed to be really, really good, and-]

I took a drag, pressing the butt against my couch. “Pass.”

[Did that Chase guy really mess you up? Come on, Travz.] Violet shifted forms into myself, and sat on my lap. Was that really how my hair looked? “Come on. You’re not yourself. Hey, I know! Let’s stalk that building in case he comes back! I can transform back into Ekans, and I’ll bite him this time! Not enough to kill him, but maybe paralyze him a little? Physical therapy? Would that make you happy?”

I looked up at my Ditto with a huff. “It’s not that idiot Chase.”

“Then what is it?” My alter asked, staring at me with my own eyes. “You weren’t this bluuggh before.”

“He just-” I grimaced. “I don’t want to talk about it.”

Violent shifted into Ariel, my crush from Senior year. “Oh? Come now, Travy-Travz. Not even for me?”

“Don’t do that.”

“You love it.~” Violet squeezed her breasts together, bobbing up and down.

“I’m serious. Just turn back to normal.”

“Fine.” Psudo-Ariel complied, turning back into a warm pile of purple water-balloon consistency pudding. [but then tell me.]

“He just, he reminds me of a different time, I guess.” I sighed. “Back in school, I could be anything. Maybe I would be an artist, or something. Everything was brighter back then. Futures. Possibilities.”

[but you’re a computer programmer! You’re the best of all the things!] My Ditto squealed, jiggling in my hands. [You can do art stuff, writing stuff, and program robots! You’re the best!]

[i’m an unemployed slob.] I corrected. [Freelance code correction is the only thing I even get paid for, and that’s not nearly enough.] I slumped further into my decrepit, smelly couch. [i’m going to have to take out another loan just to keep this place another month.]

[is that what makes you sad? Your job?] Violet shifted into an Eevee, and curled up with her back under my hands, purring.

“It’s…everything.” I rubbed my eyes. “It’s this place, it’s my past, it’s my lack of a job, it’s just…it’s my fucking. Life.”

Violent stopped purring. I put my head against the couch cushion, wishing for some fix for it all.

[Let’s just leave.]

“What?”

Violet stood, balancing precariously on my knees. [You hate everything here, right? Let’s just…leave. Let’s get out of here. I’ll transform into a car, or a bird Pokemon, or something.] She walked forward, pressing her front paws against my chest. [Let’s just go. Tonight. Just us.]

“I can’t.”

[Why!?] She pounded my chest with her tiny paws. [Why? You’re miserable here! Your problems are here! I can’t stand to see you like this; it tears me up inside! It’s like tiny little barbs inside my heart, Travis!] She pressed her head against my chest, her outburst inadvertently giving her the hiccups. [J-hus!-t give me a reason. One re-he!-son you should stay.]

Why did I want to stay? I looked around my shitty loft. The TV had a crack running down the middle, and my posters were stained with water that leaked from the ceiling, even when it didn’t rain. The entire place smelled like smoke and mold, and it needed cleaned, badly.

But damn it, it was mine.

From my G.E.D. that hung above my door to the mismatched silverware, everything I had I earned, despite everything life has thrown at me. I didn’t have much, but I would die before giving up what small amount I had.

“Because I finish what I start.” I stroked her fur, placating her somewhat. “Don’t worry, Vio. This is only temporary. First, I’m going to expose Chase for the fraud he is. I’ve seen his file architecture, and I’m going to tear him a third hole come Tuesday. Next, I’m going to replace him.”

[Replace him?]

“Yup. Imagine: A cozy, full time job, with benefits. I could fix up my car, leave this dump for something that doesn’t smell like a rotting Kakuna shell, and we could start really living.” I stretched, drawing Violet in closer. “Just us.”

Violet purred. [i’d do anything for that.]

“I know. You’re the one good thing that has happened to me.”

I hated being sappy, but sometimes shit like that just comes out. Violet put a paw to her mouth, tears watering at the edge of her eyes. A choked gasp made its way from her mouth as a tear fell, and she hugged me with all her new form’s tiny strength.

[D-do you mean that?]

“…Yeah, sure.”

[i love you Travis. Always. Alwaysalwaysalways, no matter what.]

I rolled my eyes. “I love you too, you emotional amorphous blob.”

She sniffed. [Were…were you always going to go after Chase’s job? Was that the plan?]

“Nah. I didn’t even know until he showed up.”

[so…did I convince you…?]

“Yeah, sure.” I sprawled out on the couch, with my Ditto-Eevee still at my side. “Sometimes I need your stupid little optimist voice to give me a good idea or two.”

And to show me that life’s worth living.

And I hugged her, and she purred happily.

*082*2016-03-19 15:21

{{:

My little birds told me this was posted.

(Oh, during the scene with Violet, you called her Volt, by the way).

}}

Derp. Fixed, thanks!

*089*2016-03-21 12:39

{{:

WHOA WHOA WHOA- arceus is not a "he". Arceii are gender neutral. Get your facts straight. *straightens tie*

}}

Ditto are also gender neutral, as are Mew. :3

Their sex may differ from their gender; it's just what they, or others, think of them.

*092*2016-03-26 14:22

Urp! Story's a bit late today. Expect it tonight at the latest~! X3

*094*2016-03-26 21:00

### Kevin---

Maybe, in some way, it was beginning to make sense.

With every beginning, there is an end. With every statement, a conclusion, and every tag is matched with its ending slash.

I swallowed. This was hard.

I was on page twenty-five of the online course that Chase had assigned, achieving the equivalent of five weeks study in less than sixteen hours. My eyes stung, and worse, I felt as if I wasn’t even contributing. I hadn’t even begun working on the site.

If Chase cared, he didn’t show it. He didn’t move once from the moment his fingers hit the keyboard, other than to help me when I got stuck.

He was a god.

A sturdy, auburn-haired deity of coding. Behind me, where he sat, nearly half the website was complete. I could see the files uploading themselves onto the server, all in perfect order.

His naming conventions were fool-proof. His code was flawless, and readable. From what I saw, this website was an improvement to the last. He even made it cross-comparable with older browsers, which was a huge pain we had yet to solve.

He didn’t even look tired.

I got up – again – and walked over. His eyes stared focused ahead, his fingers racing against the keys as he executed flawless code. His chestnut eyes reflecting the screen, understanding the core elements to his craft that I couldn’t even begin to grasp.

“Chase?”

He jumped, giggled to himself, and turned to me. “Sorry, I startle easily. What’s up?”

“Starving.” I grinned. “Gonna order pizza.”

“Again?”

I shrugged.

“Fair. I’m fine; just get what you want.”

I ordered my favorite – a large supreme – and sat back down. Chase sighed, though not one of sadness. For a moment, I caught him looking at the screen with almost a look of longing. A fleeting moment of melancholy.

And then, he was back. Typing even faster than before.

Do you ever forget you’re you, when you code?

I remember him asking that the first week we worked together, smirking as he corrected a bug from the previous website.

Sometimes I just lose myself. I’ll look at the clock, and hours will have passed. It’s pure, in a way nothing else is; just a reflection of yourself. It doesn’t judge, or critique, or apologize. If you write something faulty, it just doesn’t work. It’s…simple.

I stared ahead at my blinking monitor. Simple. It’s a word I never would’ve used to describe programming. There were a million tiny rules, and I always seemed to violate at least three with any given line of code. My successes felt like flukes, and seeing him completely in his element, I felt even worse.

If it weren’t for him, I would’ve been fired long ago.

Who else would’ve covered for me? Corrected my faulty code, or made excuses to Mable about why the website was, once again, delayed.

It was hell finding a job. I knew people liked programmers; what was a little fib on one resume? I never thought that they would actually call me out, and hire me to code. I never would’ve taken the position.

I never would’ve accepted, knowing that web design – something I was quite adept at – meant web development to them – something I had never even studied.

I never would’ve agreed to the job.

I never would’ve put Chase in this position – choosing me, a liar and a liability, over what should’ve been an easy job.

“Sorry I’m a fraud.” I said aloud, putting my head on the desk with a thud.

Chase stopped typing, and I heard his chair swivel. “What do you mean?”

“That I lied to get the job? That I made you cover for me all those times? I don’t know.” I lifted my head, and thunked it once more against the desk. “Just tell them that this is my fault. They’ll understand, and your job’ll be easier anyway. I don’t deserve to work there, and you deserve better than fixing my mistakes.”

Chase stood up. In an instant, I felt his warm hands around my sides, hugging my chair and myself from behind. “Hey, man. Even if it would save my career, I wouldn’t rat you out.”

“Why? I’m a liar…”

“So are they. You applied for web design, right? Sure, you fudged your resume, but they fudged the job description.”

“It’s not like I’m great at web design either.” I sniffed.

Chase whirled me around, and I nearly head-butted his chest by accident. He shot me a sleep deprived grin, and knelt down. “What’s the difference between responsive designed website and a mobile application website?”

“Responsive design is when you can easily use a website on another device.” I responded instantly.

“You didn’t describe the mobile app.”

“That’s because n-no one should use a mobile app for their site.” I grinned, my eyes feeling teary, but my heart feeling better.

“Hey-o!” Chase held up a hand, and I high-fived it. “Who created our awesome menu bar with ten-year-old outdated art software?”

“I did…” I gave another shy smile, wiping my eyes.

“You’re great. You’re not coding great, but you’re great at what you do.” He beamed. “You’ve pissed me off too many times for me to give up on you now. Come on. Drink some caffeine, splash some clear whatevers on your face-”

“Water?”

“Yeah, clear whatevers.” Chase nodded, giving an owlish grin at his minds complete inability to recognize the definition for our planet’s most abundant resource. “And let’s get back to work.”

“Sure thing, Chase!”

The doorbell rang, and Chase got up to answer. For just a moment, I stole a glance at his muscular sides, and tight ass as he stood from his chair.

‘For you, I’d put off sleeping for a month.’ I smirked, biting my lip, and imagining his tongue with mine.

### Volt ---

Coffee. You delicious, delicious vice.

I took a warm sip, savoring the mixture of java, caramel, and chocolate. Chase would always make me his own, which were good, but couldn’t ever compare to this.

Abby gave me a lazy smirk, her hair still a straightened mess from the night before. In her hand, she held an identical beverage, sitting next to me in her car outside.

“You like it?”

[Loveee it.] I purred, sipping more of my massive, human-sized beverage. I felt a pang of guilt – a subtle reminder that I was supposed to be drinking less fluids, not more – but I chose to make a quick exception. This was too good.

Though I was already regretting my decision. Between my morning water and this, my bladder was already filling up, nearly to the uncomfortable brim. I knew I filled up quicker than most, and I made a firm mental note to go back inside and use the facilities before we left.

But, that can wait until I’m finished with this.~

I took another sip, lightly crossing my bottom paws in her comfy leather chair.

“We’ve had quite a day. Or, two, I suppose.” Abby yawned, rubbing her eyes. We had slept at her mother’s house, waking up early to leave for the park. She said that hiking had always cleared her mind, and I wasn’t one to disagree. While I lacked the attachment to nature of my kin, I could always admire its majesty.

“Any other uncomfortable questions you want to ask?” Abby giggled. “It’s just Chase after today, you know. We’ll need another reason for a girl’s night sometime, but it might not be for a while.”

I swallowed. There was one thing I wanted to ask her about, but it was even more awkward then telling her I had a crush on her brother. Still, I may be skittish, but I refused to be shy. I puffed up my chest, and braised myself.

[Wh-when you’re getting intimate, h-have you ever notice, um…] I stopped, mortified, and covered my face.

“Oh this is going to be good.” Abby cackled, reclining her seat and sipping on her iced drink.

I swallowed, determined to finish the question. [W-when you’re, like, f-finishing-]

“This is so amazingly uncomfortable.”

[Have you ever, like, accidentally, peedbutjustalittle?] I hid my face in my paws, my face exploding scarlet.

“You mean like squirting?”

I peeked out of my paws. [What’s that?]

Abby giggled, slurping what was left of her drink. Mine was still mostly full. “You’re gonna make me explain this, aren’t you?”

[Please.]

“Oh gawd.” Abby winced, chuckling to herself. “Well, sometimes when you get turned on and hold it back, or you get touched a certain way, you can’t help but expel some…fluid, out of…there.”

[Pee?]

“It’s not just pee.”

[Then what is it?]

Abby puffed up her cheeks, then blew the air back out. “I dunno.”

[Oh.] I fiddled with my tail for a moment, bouncing on the seat. [so, that’s not weird?]

“No, it’s still pretty weird.” Abby confirmed. “But hey, bodies are weird, right? If whoever you’re sleeping with can’t handle the weird and wet you, they don’t deserve you.”

I smiled shyly. [Thanks.]

“No problem. You’re awesome, Volt. Don’t let anyone-” She gave me a funny look. “You’re super fidgety. Do you have to pee or something?”

[Ohmygodyes.] I squirmed, fumbling with the car door before spilling out into the parking lot.

“Are you okay?” I heard the door slam on her side, and her footsteps around the car.

I risked holding myself just for a moment, and then dropped to all fours. [Yeah, I just have to go supersuper bad. I wanted to finish our conversation-]

“Fine, just go.” Abby motioned to the Café, a parking lot away. I darted over, stopping half-way to squeeze my thighs together, then pushed against the door.

It didn’t budge.

I whined shoving the door with my shoulder my pressing my thighs into each other. From the distance, I saw Abby’s eyes widen.

[Why isn’t it open? It’s noon!] I chirped, unable to believe my luck. [We just got coffee!]

“Shit.” Abby walked over, tracing her hand on the sign. “It’s only open for breakfast and lunch.”

[Noon is an acceptable time to eat lunch!] I countered, rattling the locked door. I seriously regretted waiting. I was never good at holding, and I wasn’t ready to suddenly prove myself now. I quickly snuck a paw down and held myself, hopping in place. [What do I do?]

“Um, there’s some bushes separating the parking lots. I can keep watch-”

[Okay!]

I didn’t need any more incentive. I darted somewhat painfully to the other side of the parking lot on three paws, not daring to let myself go. I felt like I was ready to burst, with the entirety of the ocean just on the edge of my urethra, bursting to escape. Abby shielded her gaze somewhat as I raced up to the only tree in the area, covered only by some tiny shrubs, and stood against it, with my arms pushing against the trunk.

And held it.

It hurt so bad. I was right on the edge. I could almost feel it begin to dribble out of me, but I held it in just barely.

In secret, I loved the feeling. More than pretending I was touching myself again, right at the edge, it reminded me of another time, where I was with Chase. He was showing me around the countryside, driving in his car, when I couldn’t resist it anymore, and I told him I needed to go. It took him forever to find a spot, and by the time we found the gas station, his seat was already a little damp.

I waddled up to the restroom with him, somehow keeping dry the whole way, but it was locked. The male restroom was all the way around the building, and when I got there, I was leaking badly. Thinking quickly, he scooped me up, darted inside, and held me in front of the urinal.

I exploded.

I was so embarrassed, gushing all against the ivory base, unable to stop the torrent of pee streaming out of me. It got all over his hands, and soaked down my thighs. I was so embarrassed, but while he held me, I nearly came from the excitement itself. The mixture of adrenalin, fear, and desperation.

At the tree, I held even longer, with the memory of his hands clutching my sides.

Just a little longer…

A dribble leaked out of me, spraying the ground. I whimpered, holding as best I could, just as another spurt splashed against the tree.

Then, I let go. I bit back a moan as the pee soaked against the tree’s roots. My knees felt weak as I felt the bliss of emptying myself after being full for what felt like hours. It just kept going. The tiny bulge of my belly relaxed, and the sharp pain in my bladder was replaced with ecstasy as I released, my thighs quivering as I stood.

At last, I trickled to a stop. My satchel held some tissues, which I used to clean up a bit, and I scurried back to Abby.

“Better?” Abby winced.

[better!] I exclaimed, relieved, and pleased I had somewhat made it.

