Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid - Overflow

Author: Kyuu

*000*2021-01-29 11:51

Note: This is just a super super short bit I wrote to go with some really wonderful art I comissioned from @Biku

, it's not fleshed out and doesn't really have any build-up!

$iframe class="ipsEmbed_finishedLoading" data-embedauthorid="1" data-embedid="embed2238445292" scrolling="no" src="https://www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/index.html" style="overflow: hidden; height: 612px; max-width: 502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/gallery/image/50852-tohru-and-kobayashi-overflow/?do=embed" “Ahh.. T-Tohru, I.. gotta pee.” Kobayashi mumble’s out in a scarcely coherent voice.

After another taxing day at work, Kobayashi took Tohru out to her local tavern for a round of drinks to help take her mind off a long day’s work.

The rather drunken programmer clings on to her devoted maids’ shoulders, her thighs tensing up around her neck every few moments as the spasms of desperation become more and more frequent.

“H-hahh!”

A bit alarmed by the abrupt sensation of warm thighs squishing against her, a very flustered dragon maid barely mutters out a reply. “N-Now? We’re almost home, Miss Kobayashi, can you hold it until then?”

“Nnh.. that’s.. not going to happen. Just set me down, I’ll go here.”

“E-Eh?! Here?! B-But what if people see? As your loyal maid, I can’t let you do something so degrading!”

Pang, pang! Squeeze!

As the desperation mounts, Kobayashi’s grip around Tohru's neck reflexively tightens the point of barely allowing the dragon maid to speak.

“Who cares, let the pervs watch! I say it’s fine so it’s fine, you’re my maid now do as I say!” retorts Kobayashi, letting out a few hics between words.

“Miss Kobayashi, I can't! Please, just hold on a little longer, I’ll have you home in no time!”

Pang, splurt!

“Ah.. too late.” mumbles the defeated programmer.

“E-Eh? Miss Kobayashi?”

As the next wave of desperation fills a still very intoxicated and frustrated Kobayashi, her clasp on Tohru’s neck relaxes and her body goes slightly limp.

Splurt, shhhplurt

“Hahh.. it’s coming..”

Pffffssssshhhhhh..!

Mere moments after the first few spurts, a flood of warmth pours out from between Kobayashi’s thighs, soaking through her own garments before pooling and running down her loyal maids back, some of the golden liquids trickling off and rushing down her maids legs, while the rest pools down to her butt and eventually soaks through her shorts, splattering down onto Tohru's tail.

“Ahhh.. hahhhh! That’s so much better..” Kobayashi mumbles out before resting against Tohru in defeat; her glowing cheeks now a mix of both embarrassment and drunken stupor.

Meanwhile, Tohru, still doing her best to carry the one she loves to the privacy and safety of her home, can’t mutter out a word as an oddly, intimately pleasant feeling of wetness and warmth blankets over her.

She could only continue walking, doing her best to conceal Miss Kobayashi’s shame as the river continued to pour down the two onto the streets below.

