Ideal Night Out

Author: deletedxyz

*000*2014-09-13 13:16

This is a bit of a fantasy, but I am sure it is doable, it is just that has not happned to me yet :) In this story, there will be two of us: me – the torturee, and you – the torturer.

It is not only about the torture, it is also about the risk, the risk of being naughty, the risk of being humiliated, and the risk of losing control. I know I cannot get far with this on my own, so I invite you to help me.

We decide to meet in a bar on a Friday evening after work for a couple of drinks. After the third pint, I ask for some water, as I am feeling a bit tipsy. I am starting to feel my bladder getting extremely full. I say nothing, but I think you know what is happening by the evil grin on your face. Nevertheless, we continue chatting as if nothing is wrong.

I mention I should have brought some spare clothes to change, since this was intended as a quick drink, and is running late now, but you assure me nothing bad is going to happen – I just need to hold it a little longer and then I will get a chance to relive myself. However, little I know about your evil plan.

I suddenly bend and clench all my muscles as a big urge hits me. It is now very painful and my swollen bladder is sticking out of my tummy. I catch you glancing at me while I am holding my crotch secretly.

You order me to sit still and bring another glass of water, which I am supposed to drink. Now the deal is that I am only allowed to go when you say. I clench all my muscles, but try not to make it obvious to others. You patiently sit and watch my struggle. Whenever I ask to leave to use the bathroom you deny.

My urges become more frequent and stronger, but I am sitting still trying to control them. I am in such a pain and agony! I can feel my pee pushing hard from inside. And then my bladder suddenly contracts pushing a big spurt of pee out in my pants. You notice the change on my face and touch my crotch to make sure the pee soaks the front of my pants.

- Mmmm… honey, looks like you are trying to cheat! - You seem to be a bit disappointed

- Ouch… I couldn’t control it – I say

- It looks like we need to top up your bladder before we leave – you are watching the wetness at the front, and hand me a glass of water – also it seems you might need to use the toilet soon indeed. But I will only let you do that if you will complete the challenge.

I finish the water and we leave the bar with me trying to conceal the shameful wet patch on my trousers. We stop behind a bush in a small park with no people around. By that time I have leaked a few more times but still going strong. Once we stop you announce the challenge:

- Get him out now. Whenever I say ‘start’, you have to start peeing, whenever I say ‘stop’, you have to stop immediately. If you fail to follow the commands I am afraid you will have to wait until home, but if you make it, I will let you use the toilet in the next bar.

You start with 10 second intervals and then go on with random times. Somehow I managed to closely follow what you say, and a minute later you seem to be satisfied with the result. I am allowed to pee in the next bar, the only thing I have to make it there. With some troubles though I make it there and dashing to the toilet. By now the front of my jeans has a baseball sized damp patch and I try to dry it slightly there. When I come back you wait for me with another pint of beer and two more pints of water:

- Now, you’ve used all your toilet breaks for tonight, I am afraid, but I’ve got something to drink for you.

I’m forced to finish these drinks within 30 minutes, which I fail and get another glass of water as a penalty. We repeat the same challenge once again, but this time it seems to be much harder for me to control myself, although even this time I manage to make it to the toilet, but with a very wet crotch.

It is not very late and we catch a taxi home. My bladder is a complete mess its numb and is not able to contain my pee properly – I can’t feel it anymore and I only witness occasional big spurts in my pants, while sat on the back seat, without even feeling the need to go properly.

Once we get inside – I let it all out in my pants making a big puddle… What happens next is behind the closed doors. We only know that there was a lot of clothes and bedding drying on the dry line next day.

I hope you liked this story :) In short, I like to have numerous holds in a row -- it makes my bladder very 'playful' :)

