The Desperation Visor

Author: ashishgamer

*000*2013-03-07 10:18

{{:

Desperation Visor: A device which used to increase/decrease the level of pee in a person's bladder by taking it/giving it to another person's bladder. Interesting, huh? ;)

}}

{{:

This story is based on both female and male desperations. It will mostly be female so I am starting it with male to keep our female fans happier :D

}}

CHAPTER-1

Ryan is an average high school student with a special interest in biology, physics and omorashi :p. He has been a fan of omorashi ever since he can remember but has never confessed to anyone. He loves seeing girls dancing for the loo but it has been ages since he has seen a girl wet herself.

It was just an average day for Ryan. He got up, showered, had some breakfast and went to the school. He was just sitting in his class fiddling with his pen during the bio class. It was the last class and he hadn't peed since morning so he was getting a bit uncomfortable. He was constantly holding his crotch and waiting for the class to get over which was still half an hour ahead. Moreover, the topic going in the class was urinary bladder which was not helping at all.

"I have an important announcement to make!", the teacher said.

'What can it be?',Ryan thought.

"As you all know, the inter-school science competition is coming near so I and Mr. Pradeep (the physics teacher) are going to help a few willing students make a special device."

"What is it, Ms. Ruchi?", Ryan asked. He being one of her favorite students, he will have to be on the team to make the device.

"The nosy visor.", Ms Ruchi said.

'huh? what kind of a stupid device is that?' Ryan thought.

"It will be a special device which will help those suffering with cold to dispose off the mucus in their nose by giving it to another person's nose who has less mucus. It will help those suffering from a disease in which a person needs to be donated mucus. It will work wirelessly and will complete the job within seconds."

'At this time, I need more of a visor which can transfer my pee to someone', Ryan said, leaking a drop in his pants.

"So, anyone interested?", the teacher asked. Ryan and two other students raised their hands.

"Great", the teacher said and noted down their names- Ryan, Genelia and Prachi. "Meet me after the class."

'Fuck', Ryan thought. 'now it will be longer till I can use the toilet.' He said looking at his watch. It was just 5 minutes to go.

When the bell rang, Ms. Ruchi asked the three to come with her. They went to the physics lab were they were going to meet Mr. Pradeep. "Ms. Ruchi, can I go to the toilet once?"Ryan asked. "No. It will just take 10 minutes" She said looking at his dick.

'I dont think I have that much time :(' He thought.

*003*2013-03-08 10:08

CHAPTER-2

Ryan was sitting on one of the four seats around the square table in the physics lab as they waited for Mr Pradeep. He was sitting with his legs crossed tightly but avoided holding his crotch because he didnt want unwanted attention. Ms. Ruchi was constantly looking at him, obviously turned on by the fact that Ryan had to pee. Ryan soon noticed her erect nipples and realized why she told him to wait. This gave him a boner which helped him hold his pee.

"Sorry for being late." Mr. Pradeep said as he ran into the lab. He is a fat man in his late 30s. The students have nicknamed him 'panda'.

"Its okay. We are in no hurry for such a special project" Ms. Ruchi said getting up. She quickly checked her leggings to make sure her wet pussy hadnt left an impression.

'Fuck you' Ryan said in his mind.

"Ok, so about the device. I have made a foam model of the visor." Mr. Pradeep said taking out a 3D goggle looking thing from his jute bag.It was in the shape of a cuboid with one end painted blue and one red. "The blue end should be pointed at the person who is donating the mucus while the red toward the one taking it."

"Sounds interesting." Ryan said. He let a huge leak in his trouser which ran down his leg. He quickly held his dick and it stopped. 'dammit' he thought looking at his pant and noticing a small line of pee there.

"I saw that." Prachi whispered at him. Ryan's cheeks turned red.

"Ok we will meet again tomorrow." Mr. Pradeep said.

Ryan quickly grabbed his bag-pack and started running towards the washroom which was in another building about 10 yards from the lab. He could feel himself peeing after small intervals. Finally, he arrived at the washroom and was just about to enter when someone held his hand from behind.A long stream came out of his dick. He turned around to see who was ther. It was Prachi. "Mr cool dude cant even hold his pee for 10 minutes? I tell you what, I can last the whole day with peeing only once in the morning." She said.

"Different people have different bladder sizes, Prachi. Now leave me or else I will pee myself." Ryan said.

"No way! This has to be uploaded on youtube! 'Ryan Singhania-the hot dude of springfield doing a pee dance!'", she said taking out her phone. She fired up the camcorder with one hand and held him with another. "What happened? Can't get out of a girl's grip?"

"I could if I didnt have to pee!" He said feeling letting out a huge spurt and then holding his dick with both hands. This left a huge stain near his crotch.

"OMG! You are peeing yourself! Tell you what, even I a have to pee. Why not have a holding contest? The difference is just that I can hold for probably 3 more hours. Can you?"

"No! Leave me! My dick hurts!"

"Oh! running out of memory! Have to finish it quick!" She said and started tickling his belly. Ryan pushed her which made her drop her phone

He was out of her grip but the tickling had already made the peeing start. He rushed inside the washroom but slipped on Prachi's phone. He landed in front of Prachi's phone which was still recording. He didnt have strength to move. He just let go off his dick and the floodgates opened. Pee came out with full force and Ryan moaned with relief. A puddle started forming below him and the phone was also engulfed by it.

"OMG :o my phone!" Prachi screamed and ran to pick her phone but fell on Ryan's pee and landed in the puddle. Ryan continued his peeing and pointed toward's Prachi so even she became wet. Prachi got up screaming "Ewww" and just kept on staring at Ryan. This continued for a minute after which he stopped. Prachi picked up her phone and pressed the lock button. It was dead.

"Fuck you! You are so disgusting! I was going to leave you in just 10 seconds! You are so kiddish!" She said and ran away(even though she was herself turned on by seeing this). "OMG were did you get wet?" Ryan heard the guard asking Prachi but she just ran away.

"Revenge will be taken", Ryan said looking at his clothes.

*005*2013-03-10 03:34

{{:

Try not to use emoticons and netspeak in your fictions. Unless you want to write in the style of this book

. Other wise, it just makes it look tacky.

}}

Its my first fiction but thanks for the suggestion

*010*2013-03-16 09:42

{{:

Here are the people the characters of the story are based on( I think of them while writing it). Ruchi and Pradeep are my real teachers in school. The rest are based on Indian actors. I know they are a bit old for high school but I couldnt find younger people. Ryan

Genelia

Prachi

}}

CHAPTER-3

Ruchi got up in the morning and saw the clock beside her bed. It was 7:30. She had again forgot to set her alarm! She hurriedly changed her clothes and took a quick breakfast. Even though it was Saturday, Mr. Pradeep had called the visor team to complete the visor. He had called them at 8 and Ms. Ruchi was late. Mr. Pradeep didn't like late comers. Moreover, Ms. Ruchi had lectured the students not to be late and didn't want to be late herself. She was going to the toilet or a quick pee when she realized its 7:55 already. She decided to go at the school and started for her 10 minute walk to the school. On the way, she thought about Ryan who had peed his pants the other day. She was hiding near when Prachi was trying to make his video and she saw him wet his pants. Thinking about it really turned her on but thinking about peeing made her more desperate.

Finally, after 10 minutes of walk and desperate crotch-holding, she reached the school where she found the three students and Mr. Pradeep waiting for her. She went to them and apolosiged for being late. Then, they began working on the visor. They had been working for quite a few days now and they aimed to complete it today.

Ryan had started to hate Prachi. After that incident, they had barely talked. They even refused to work on the same parts of the visor. While Ryan was working on the circuit, Prachi was working on display unit.

"I can't believe you can be so ridiculous! Forcing someone to pee himself!"Ryan suddenly whispered to Prachi

"Excuse me? Its not my problem if you have a tiny-puny bladder."Prachi whispered back

"I don't have a 'tiny-something' bladder. Anyone will have to pee bad after 6 hours!"

"Oh really? Tell you what, I peed last at 6 in the morning. I still don't have even the tiniest of plunge in my bladder and I am gonna last the whole day."

"That we will see. I promise I am gonna make you pee today."

"Ryan! Will you please come here!" He suddenly heard Ms. Ruchi's voice and went to her giving Prachi a long stare.

"What is it, Ms. Ruchi?" Ryan asked her

"Will you please install this part for me? I have to urgently go to the washroom" Ms. Ruchi said jumping from one leg to another. Ryan saw this and got a boner instantly. "Sure, why not?" He said even though he wanted to see Ms. Ruchi hold her pee. Ms. Ruchi quickly handed over the part and rushed out of the lab. Ryan tried to fix the piece while trying to hide his boner. Prachi was already making fun of him and he didn't want to give her another reason for the same. After 5 minutes, Ms. Ruchi came back but didn't look relieved.

"Thats weird! All the washrooms are closed. I think its probably because today is a Saturday and all peons are on a holiday." She said frantically holding her crotch with one hand while fixing the part with the other. This made Ryan even more aroused. But he suddenly realized something. Even his bladder was getting quite full and they will be taking another 5 hours to finish the visor. With no washroom at his disposal, it made him even more desperate. But then he remembered the trees behind the school and decided that he could go there if the situation worsened. As it is the school was almost empty. Also, this will make him take his revenge on Prachi easier as she will not be able to use the washroom. Thinking about her and Ms. Ruchi peeing themselves made him cum a little.

All the time Ryan continued to bring water for Prachi to make her more desperate and she also continued to drink it to be a sport. Ryan tried all the methods to make Prachi desperate like talk about him peeing himself, dropping water from one glass to another and even showing Ms. Ruchi do the pee dance but it had no effect on her. Indeed, it just made Ryan more desperate. On the other side, Ruchi was having more and more difficulty holding her pee. She kept on crossing her legs and also let out a few drops but stopped when she saw a drop running down her leg and falling on the floor. She didn't want anyone to notice this, not knowing Ryan had already did so.

After 5 hours the visor finally completed. Ms. Ruchi offered to take it home to which all agreed. At this point, Ryan was sitting tightly crossed leg, Ms. Ruchi could barely move and had a tiny patch in her panties and Prachi was barely fidgeting. Indeed, she was making "shh" noises to tease Ryan. Genelia had secretly taken a whiz in the trees when she was told to bring some items from the bio lab while Mr. Pradeep was a guy with iron bladder. They all decided to go back to their homes with Ryan dissapointed with his failed attempt to make Prachi pee herself. He decided to take a whiz in the trees before going home and ran to the trees behind the school. He was just about to open the chain in his denims when he heard someone call out to him from behind. He just wished it wasn't Prachi again. He turned to see Ms. Ruchi.

"I am sorry Ms. Ruchi but I really have to pee!"He said apologetically.

"Its okay but even I have to pee. Too bad I can't pee like you here. Unlike you, I won't be able to cover myself quickly enough if someone sees me. Just thinking about peeing make me pee myself." Ryan looked down to see a drop of go down Ms. Ruchi's leg."Please let me use your bladder to relieve myself!"

"Huh?"Ryan said.

"Actually, this nosy visor can not only transfer mucus from one person to another but also pee from one bladder to another. Look, I will show you."She switched it on and pointed it towards her. The display unit showed 95%. She then pointed towards Ryan. It showed 65%. "It shows the amount of fullness of your bladder. I added this secret feature for fun but I think I have to use it now. Moreover, You are only at 65%. You can easily hold my pee. I just have to point one end towards you and other towards me and start peeing." She pointed the red end towards Ryan and blue toward herself and relaxed her body muscles. Ryan heard a loud hissing sound from her pussy but couldn't see Ms. Ruchi getting wet.

The display started going from 65 to 66, 67, 68, 69, 70..... and so on. Ryan suddenly felt something. The urge for him to pee was increasing. He was getting more and more desperate. He was about to undo his jeans to pee himself when Ms. Ruchi blurted out "Don't! If you pee, it will lose connection and I will wet myself!". The %age of desperation continued to increase until it reached 99 and it became difficult for Ryan to hold. He started to pee himself and quickly ran to a tree and undid his jeans and peed himself. Meanwhile, the visor had lost connection and Ms. Ruchi began to wet herself. A small wet patch began forming on her skirt and pee started going down her legs. She quickly stopped herself and thanked that too much damage wasn't done.

"I will be able to hold myself till I get home now! Thanks Ryan!" she shouted to Ryan who was busy moaning with relief. She then went back home with the visor. Ryan kept on peeing for another 3 minutes. He had never thought that so much happiness could be obtained from peeing! There was also one more reason for his happiness - he had got a perfect plan to make Prachi pee herself!

*015*2013-03-20 06:52

Thnx all. This is my first fiction and it feels great to get such good remarks :)

*017*2013-03-26 05:24

{{:

Any idea if we will have a 4th chapter? I'm itching to see it! :D

}}

Sorry actually i m currently out of town so it may take a week :(

*018*2013-04-07 10:35

CHAPTER-4

Prachi got up to the sunshine from her window. She felt her heavy bladder and moved her hand to the lower part of the stomach. She felt a huge bulge. She then moved her finger more down and squeezed her pussy lips shut. She threw her covers and got up from the bed, bending slightly. A small spurt escaped her pussy lips. The last time she peed was almost 18 hours ago. As she went away from the bed, she let go off her pussy and stood still. Pee started leaking from her wee-hole and she loved the feeling. She slowly walked to the bathroom as small spurts of pee escaped, forming a wet patch on her knickers. She could feel her bladder which was about to burst but was in no hurry. She was slowly enjoying herself.

She reached the bathroom but didn't go to the pot. She continued walking and reached the shower. Now she was completely peeing herself, drenching her cute pink minnie mouse PJ. She went into the shower and switched it on. Now, she completely let herself go and a huge puddle formed beneath her. She moaned with relief as pussy let out the pee in full force and a loud hissing sound engulfed the room. She peed for a good 3 minutes after which she stripped naked. She was just about to stroke her pussy to give herself an orgasm but she heard her mom's voice calling. So she decided she will do it when she comes back from school and finished her shower quickly.

Ryan woke up, also with a full bladder. But unlike Prachi, he made all attempts to hold the pee in his bladder. He wanted to give it to Prachi in the class using the visor. He picked up the visor and checked his bladder status- 88%. He increased his grip and went to shower. He tried his best not to leak although a few drops gushed out while taking a shower. Within half an hour, he was standing at the bus stop, waiting for the bus and trying his best not to loose any pee.

He took out the visor and checked his status-98%. There was no way he could hold himself for the 15 minute bus ride to the school. He was already letting out small spurts and a tiny wet spot had formed on his undies. He was about to loose all hope when he saw a great sight - a girl was coming towards the stop fidgeting a bit. She was returning from her night shift and hadn't peed the whole night. Ryan pointed the visor at her - 75%. 'Perfect!' he thought 'She won't have any doubt if her full bladder fills up a bit more'. He decided he will just let go off a little to ease himself.

He quickly set the visor between them and relaxed himself. A strong jet of pee shot from his dick, vanishing into thin air. The girl stood still as her bladder filled. She held her crotch as tightly as she could and pressed her finger inside her pee hole. Slowly her bladder went to 99% and Ryan's to 83%. Ryan stopped himself, dribbling a bit into his pant. The girl just stood there bent. After about 10 seconds, Ryan noticed a wet patch growing on her jeans. A huge puddle formed beneath her as she starts crying. Ryan wanted to see her finish with her job but the bus came and he went in it.

Ryan was sitting at the last bench when he saw Prachi come. He almost leaked due to excitement but soon controlled himself. Prachi came and sat at her usual seat. Her pussy was throbbing from the morning's action and she wanted to stroke it really bad. She hadn't masturbated in weeks and planned on doing it today. She looked at Ryan fidgeting in his seat. She realised his state and her nipples hardened. Her panties became wet a little from her love juice.

Meanwhile, Ryan took out the visor and secretly pointed towards Prachi - 2%. He was relieved. She will be able to contain his whole pee due to her large bladder. He set the device and this time completely relaxed himself. The numbers went down on his side while increased on Prachi's side. Pee went from his dick and he almost moaned in relief. Teacher entered and Ryan smiled, realising Prachi won't be able to go now. After about 3 minutes, he reached 10% while Prachi was at 80%. He didn't like an empty bladder so her just stopped.

Meanwhile, a huge wave of desperation hit Prachi which made her cross her legs. She couldn't believe it! How could she have to pee so again? She had never had to pee between a class before. The last time she asked for permission to go to the loo was in fifth grade for which she was denied and she had completely drenched herself. After the incident, she always avoided public restrooms. But here she was, sitting in the first period trying to keep the flood back. She squeezed herself through the jeans but it didn't help. She suddenly had the realisation - she was gonna pee herself shortly!

*023*2014-07-10 08:52

OK guys, I think this creates the record for the largest interval between two chapters on this site. I recently discovered it in my content list and I think I should finish it. This is going to be the last chapter unless you guys want more.

CHAPTER-5

Prachi sat in her seat, thighs pressed together and her hands buried in her crotch. Her class mates would have came to conclusion that she had to pee, but they knew that was impossible. She was the girl famous in the school for never ever visiting the ladies room. Everyone knew that no one had a bladder equivalent to her. This reputation was precisely the reason why Prachi didn't want to ask the teacher the permission to visit the loo. Going to the rest room in the first period would definitely ruin her reputation.

Prachi looked at her watch. Half an hour to go. Surely she could hold that long. She was looking at the watch when the teacher noticed her.

"Bored with my class already, Ms Prachi?" He said in a higher than usual tone. Prachi was startled. She was not at all paying attention to what was going in the class. She quickly removed her hands and stood up, and suddenly she felt a drop of pee escaping into her panties. She managed to control it, and pressed her crotch against the table to stop herself. When she was finally comfortable enough, she answered back, forcing a smile on her teary-eyed face, "No sir, I find your class really interesting."

"Oh is that so? Then you must be paying attention. Can you come to the front and right the Cannizaro reaction on the board? I just erased it but I think some students will like to see it again." He said in a sarcastic tone.

Prachi slowly moved away from her desk and started walking towards the front. This had shifted her focus from her aching bladder to the class. She obviously had no freaking idea which reaction the teacher was talking about. She went to the board, grabbed a chalk and stood as if she was thinking something. She rubbed her thighs involuntarily as she noticed something on the board - the impressions of what was last written was still there. She quickly made it out and wrote the reaction. She went back to her seat with an air of confidence when she suddenly remembered of her previous predicament. She could feel the dampness in her panties and she most certainly couldn't hold till the end of the class. She turned to the teacher and asked, "May I go to the washroom?"

"No. This is the first period." He said without giving much thought to it. He had managed to waste the time of the class without proving anything. He didn't want anymore fuss. Prachi just sat and crossed her legs tightly. She had no other option. Also, due to all this holding, she had managed to make her pussy wet due to some other reason and was enjoying the feeling. She wanted to touch it so bad but didn't want to give and impression to other students that she can't hold her pee.

Meanwhile, Ryan looked at her through the visor: 90%. Her bladder was filling up quickly, though he knew that she would easily last till the end of the period. He wanted to make her bladder more full but he surely couldn't pee now. Just then he noticed something. Genelia, who was sitting beside her, was fidgeting and had her legs tightly pressed. Ryan checked with the visor: 70%. He finally had a plan. He just had to fill Prachi's bladder a little bit and his mission would be accomplished.

He set the visor between Prachi and Genelia and grabbed his water bottle. Then he started drinking the cold water and suddenly, his hand slipped and the bottle landed on Genelia's skirt, making it wet.

Genelia gasped as the bottle landed on her lap. She had to pee really bad and the feeling of cold water didn't help. She started to loose control of her bladder. She picked up the bottle which had only left a small spot on her skirt but she couldn't stop peeing. She was peeing full force but she was surprised as to why it wasn't coming out. She could feel the urine leave from her pussy lips and could also hear the really faint hissing sound but couldn't see anything coming out. However, she managed to stop in between because she didn't want to arouse suspicion. She smiled to herself, thinking about the new "super power" she had discovered.

Meanwhile, Ryan checked the visor. Genelia was at 40% while Prachi was at 115%. He looked at Prachi, who couldn't believe what was going inside her. She could feel her bladder bulging like a giant balloon. It hurted like hell and she wanted to pee right there, irrespective of what anyone thought. She buried her hands deep in her crotch and closed her pussy lips. She could feel the pee trying to force it's way out. A small spurt escaped, dampening her panties. Then another... another... she couldn't control herself! She saw a wet spot forming on her jeans. She raised her hand to ask for permission to relieve herself. But this gave her pee more freedom to escape and it started to escape with full force.

The teacher noticed her hand and said, "Ok Prachi I can see you have to go really bad so go but be quick." Prachi got up quickly, forcing her sphincters shut. She just wanted to somehow reach the washroom and let go everything. But the pain in her bladder was too much for her to handle. As soon as she reached the front, her bladder gave a huge spasm and she tightly grabbed her crotch, bending forward to keep it all inside. This gave the class a perfect view of the back of her jeans which had a huge wet spot.

One of the students shouted, "Look! Prachi has wet herself!" Everyone started laughing. Prachi was embarrassed and her knees were trembling. She couldn't take it anymore. Spurts after spurts of pee were escaping. She stood straight and waited. She didn't have to do anything else. She closed her eyes and relaxed. A loud hissing sound engulfed the room. She started peeing full force, her jeans getting dampened every second. A huge puddle started appearing on the floor. She had peed for about 30 seconds when she got a hold over herself. She grabbed her crotch and rushed out of the door, tears rolling down her eyes. Ryan looked at the visor: 75%. 'I need to do something about this boner.' He said, smiling a wicked smile.

Prachi almost broke the door of the toilet as she pushed it open. She ran into a cubicle and undid her jeans. She was about to pull down her panties when her pee started coming out again. She just sat on the toilet and relaxed. The hissing sound started again. If she had her eyes opened, she surely would have been shocked by the thickness of her stream. Even though she was embarrassed, the whole scenario had made her really horny and wanted to finger herself so bad. She waited for her stream to die down so that she could take care of the other business.

