Indra vs Kira

Author: holditin

*000*2014-09-29 20:07

Day 2

I awoke the next morning to the sounds of my parents bustling around getting ready for the day. Yawning, I slipped out of bed to begin the arduous process of waking up. Kira had already changed into her clothes for the day and I quickly did the same. Obviously my parents did not have any clothes of mine that still fit, so Kira had generously lent me half of her wardrobe for the vacation. She was skinnier than I, so the jeans shorts I’d chosen were a very tight fit, but it wasn’t like I had much of a choice anyway. By 9 am we were nearly ready to leave, so my parents availed themselves to the facilities one last time.

I wondered if my sister and her iron bladder would decide to wait, but she went in right after them to take a hefty morning pee. It was down to me. As Kira’s pee droned on, I contemplated whether I should partake of a morning pee as well. I didn’t really need it, though my bladder certainly had something decent already inside with how much I had drank the previous day. In the end, I decided that if Kira could have a pee then so could I. Better to have it now than to need to stop mere hours into our day. As she came out of the bathroom I slipped in. A quick stare passed between us before I shut the door. My muscles loosened right away when I sat on the toilet, and the feeling of my bladder deflating as my morning pee left it was perhaps even better than it was last night. Clearly my bladder, trained though it was, was happy for the extra relief.

We left our hotel and headed out for a day of sightseeing in Houston. As the person who had lived there for the last four years, my parents occasionally asked me for directions or recommendations about where to go next, but for the most part Kira and I were relegated to the role of followers. My parents had been planning this trip meticulously for quite some time, so they had done plenty of research on the places they wanted to visit. With the Texas sun beating down on us, we were all equipped with large water bottles of 1.5 liters each, and they were emptying at an alarming rate. Kira and I wanted to stop to get some real lunch after hours of walking, but my parents allowed us nothing more than a quick stop to refill our water and for them to pee out what they had drank. I was feeling no urge, so waiting was an easy choice. Kira paid the bathroom no mind, window shopping until our parents returned.

After more walking, more pictures, and more sights successfully seen, we finally stopped for an extremely late lunch at 3 pm. Kira and I shared a look of exasperated glee at getting the chance to fill our stomachs and rest our feet. I was happy for that look, because it was the first time since last night when both Kira and I were on the same page, as opposed to being bladder rivals. She may have wanted to make my bladder pop to prove a point, and that went both ways, but we were still sisters.

We ordered our food, mine coming with a tall lemonade and Kira’s with a large soda, and ate and drank our fill. Both Kira and I made sure to drain our glasses and the refills we were given. It was 4 by the time we finished, which meant neither Kira nor I had visited a bathroom for 7 hours. For an everday girl that would be impressive, but Kira and I possessed bladders that were far from ordinary. Still, I could feel some pee sloshing around in me when I stood up to leave. If Kira felt the same way she showed no sign, standing calmly while our parents peed for the second time on our outing.

I caught Kira sizing me up out of the corner of my eye, as if trying to get a gage on my bladder’s condition, so I made sure to stand with my legs farther apart than normal. Upon returning from the restaurant’s washrooms, my mother told us, “You girls have been really good thus far. If either of you get tired, especially you Indra, just let your father and I know and we’ll head back to the hotel.” I read between the lines of my mother’s message to uncover what she was really saying, which was “You two are doing a good job of waiting until we are in a proper place to relieve yourselves. If either of you get desperate, let us know so we can spare you that indecency.”

Once again, my mother had recognized that both Kira and I were going all day without a toilet and was giving us an out should we need it. But the fact that she singled me out “especially you Indra”, implying that I would need a bathroom well before Kira, made my blood boil. There was no way I was going to let myself pee if my iron bladdered sister was still holding on.

The afternoon passed much as the morning had. Kira and I quickly needed to stop at a water fountain, as our big water bottles were empty for a second time. Kira immediately took a long swig from her bottle, so I followed in kind, after which we filled them right back to the brim. Kira gave me a glance as we rejoined our parents before taking another long drink. Again I followed suit, and that’s when I realized what she was doing. Kira knew I was determined to prove myself and would match her drinking, so she was trying to drink me under the table, so to speak.

The confident half of my brain told me that Kira was trying to force an early end to our contest because she was nervous about her continued ability to hold for hours longer; the more reserved half of me was afraid it would work. I forced myself to remain calm. I reminded myself of my bladder’s prowess, thought of all the training that had led to this weekend, and determined once again to hold firm. As the four of us began walking again, I caught Kira’s eye and took a five second chug from my water bottle. Kira’s eyes squinted in annoyance as she drank more as well.

With this brand of drinking bravado, Kira and I managed to drain our water bottles dry in only 20 minutes. The effect wasn’t instantaneous, but it was close. By 8 pm it was becoming increasingly difficult to hide my need to pee. My bladder had expanded greatly, going from being tight against those wretched too-small jeans shorts to being nearly suffocated against them. I looked down briefly and realized I could see the roundedness of my bladder bulge begin above the shorts, get right up to the edge of the waistband, and then get pressed inward as the constricting shorts refused to budge. I made an attempt to be discreet and put my hand below the snap of the jeans shorts. Sure enough, my bladder was also protruding out down there, meaning those dreadful shorts were literally pushing my bladder back into itself at the exact apex of its size.

My capacity was being restricted at the very time I needed it most. Cautiously, I glanced over at my sister. She was more used to the tighter clothes than I, and in fact was in something similar herself. How was she managing to cope with it while I felt my bladder being squeezed and tormented? Then I saw her trick. Kira had casually unbuttoned the snap of her jeans, letting her gigantic bladder bulge expand as much as it needed to minimize the pressure on it. Though by how large it looked, it must have been a lot of pressure anyway! As I continued to watch my well-practiced sister, I noticed her either turning away slightly or doing something distracting with her hands every time my mother or father would go to speak to her. In this way she was managing to hide her improper attire decision from them. I was clearly watching a master at work. Slowly, while everyone had their back to me, I reached down towards my own button.

I almost undid the snap. My bladder was screaming for me to. But I stopped myself. For one thing, while Kira had years of experience doing this, keeping her clothing modifications a secret from our parents, it would be my first time at it, and I didn’t think I could pull it off. If my mother saw me walking around in public with unbuttoned pants even for a second it would undo all the goodwill and respect I had gained in the last 24 hours. I simply couldn’t let that happen. But secondly, that deeper part of my psyche that I had started listening to more and more wanted to keep that snap shut and keep the pressure on. It proved I could hold on despite the circumstances, that my bladder was strong enough to cope with it, and it showed that I was doing something that the proclaimed iron bladder of the family wasn’t daring to do. I felt superior to Kira, and that feeling was far too addictive. I couldn’t undo that button, no matter what my bladder said in protest.

And so I suffered silently, putting off my bladder’s needs for pride. My bulbous bladder continued to try and break through that deadly button, but to no avail. It simply grew around it, to the point that the pain was starting to make me a bit queasy. But I had come this far, and even though it hurt I knew my limits were still ahead of me. 9 pm came and finally it was full dark. Reluctantly, my mother made the call to return to the hotel. Inside I was joyous, knowing the torment I was going through would soon be over. But on the outside, I did my best to look calm. I think I succeeded.

In past years, my parents would notice my relief at getting to the end of a long journey, and they’d guess correctly that the reason for my emotion was my full and quivering bladder, desperate to be emptied. Inevitably they would shoot me a disapproving glare or make a comment about needing to be stronger. Tonight they paid me no heed. I saw Kira breathe outwardly, probably in relief at not having to contain her load much longer, but I wasn’t sure. I could have been grasping for a sign that she had to go worse than me, because I desperately wanted that to be true. But nothing other than her close steps and the ominous bulge of her abdomen over her tight shorts belied the urgency Kira had to be feeling. I had to admit that my sister was succeeding in living up to her reputation.

By the time we reached our hotel at 10 pm, Kira’s steps may have been shorter than when we started to return, but otherwise she was doing a remarkable job of keeping her 13 hour bladder in check. I, on the other hand, was feeling the fullness get to me. I struggled, but I couldn’t help coming off as tense when my father turned to ask me something 10 minutes from the hotel. As he turned back around, Kira gave me a look that said “I know you’re just about done in. I’m winning.” I feared she might very well be right and redoubled my efforts to clamp down on my sphincter.

When we got inside, my mother immediately entered the bathroom. My father was waiting at the door for his turn. Kira and I gingerly made our way to our bed to sit and ready ourselves for bed, though she was still managing to come off as pristine as ever, while I seemed to be on the verge of losing what slight control I had. It was only once we began sitting that I reminded myself for the first time in an hour that Kira’s button was undone, while my bladder remained squashed. This information was of little use to me, as I still refused point blank to undo the button, but it gave me the little ray of hope I needed to muster the strength to last until bedtime. That came at 11 pm at the urging of my parents, who reminded both of us that we had a long day ahead of us tomorrow. Indeed we did, a winding, all day bus trip that would land us in Oklahoma City.

Kira had no shame in going to use the loo first. I almost, almost cracked and asked to go first, but somehow I resisted. After doing so well, I couldn’t bear to show weakness, even when it was past when my parents would be able to accuse me of being weak. After all, I’d just been 14 hours without a pee, but in my holding delirium, I wanted more. I wanted to stay strong for so much longer, and leave my parents, and especially my steel bladdered sister in awe. For a brief second I considered going to bed unrelieved, but then Kira’s torrent started to hiss from the bathroom, and my bladder spasmed hard enough to make me realize that that was simply not going to be a possibility on this night. And so I clenched my thighs together, willing myself not to start holding my crotch in my presence of my parents, and waited for the interminable splatter to end so that mine could take its place.

It was perhaps 3 minutes later when Kira’s massive organ ran dry, and another before she calmly exited the bathroom. While the previous night I had felt confidence mixed with the beginnings of desperation as I went in to follow my sister’s pee, tonight I wanted to let loose so badly I could think of nothing else. I walked in quickly, nearly bumping Kira in the process, which earned a smirk from her, but then I was in the bathroom and the door was shut. Frantically I undid the button of those terrible jeans shorts and threw up the toilet lid.

I was milliseconds from bending my knees to sit atop that gorgeous porcelain throne when I stopped. My bladder, which seconds before had been cramping with urge after urge to let go, was suddenly calmer. Not calm, because there was still a heck of a lot of liquids stored up in it, but I no longer felt as though I was on the verge of wetting myself. Even though I could let go in the toilet bowl at any moment I chose, I stood and thought. What changed to make the urge die down so completely when I was SO SURE that I was done in? it wasn’t easy to wrack my brain with liters of hot pee wracking my stretched bladder, but I forced myself to continue waiting. With the inviting toilet bowl staring me in the face, I finally realized what had been so obvious.

The shorts! No wonder my bladder was throwing so many spasms against my sphincter as the night wore on. That cursed button had been digging into the very core of my bladder at a time when it needed all the capacity it could muster. Kira had been smart enough to loosen her shorts, but my sick pride prevented me from doing the same to ease my strain. That pride had almost cost me everything…but it hadn’t. I had lasted. As I thought about that more a chill of pleasure ran up my spine. It nearly loosened my sphincter enough to allow a gush on the bathroom floor, but I denied myself even that.

I began to ponder my options as I stood there. That little demented part of my mind, the one that seemed to be growing the longer my sisterly contest went, wanted me to walk out of the bathroom unrelieved. I considered it as my bulbous bladder throbbed, but eventually brushed the idea aside. I had to think long term, for there was still plenty of trip left. Another plan soon formed in my mind, and I smiled as I fantasized about its implications. But that was for tomorrow, and tonight, my bladder needed to be emptied of over 14 hours of piss.

Dong my best to keep from being eager, I finally lowered onto the toilet seat. One, two, three seconds I waited, still resisting, just to remind my aching bladder of who was in control. Then I relaxed my sphincter and let my body have the pee it had been craving for hours. I was like a tap turned on full, which impressed me greatly. I hoped my family would have similar thoughts, though I knew that at the very least Kira would refrain from showing me. One minute turned to two and my stream continued unabated.

My bulge was decreasing but wasn’t flat yet. Instead of being content with my current flow, I bore down with my abdominal muscles, urging my bladder to release even faster. For a moment there was no change, but then my stream seemed to nearly double in width. I could actually feel my piss pushing my peehole wider and wider, which was a crazy rush. After 30 seconds of roaring pee splashing into the toilet, I finally ran dry. Sighing with relief and pleasure, I rubbed my now-flat abdomen and stood up. I pulled the jeans shorts back up, noticing as I snapped the button back into place that they felt looser than they had in hours. Then I washed my hands and went back into our hotel bedroom.

Once again I felt the tension in the air upon my return from the bathroom. It was not as bad as the previous day, but it was certainly still present. I had just proved that my pee prowess was no fluke. No one spoke as I flopped down on the bed next to Kira, but it seemed as though everyone wanted to. I busied myself with preparing my belongings for tomorrow, when we would be leaving the hotel to take our bus trip to Oklahoma City. My mom suddenly cleared her throat, “You know, Indra, I must say-“ “Mother, what should I wear tomorrow, do you think?” Kira cut in suddenly, and at once our mother changed her tune to speak on the virtues of the long sleeved shirt.

It took me a few moments to realize what had just happened, but it dawned on me that Kira had just stolen my moment. My mom was fully prepared to acknowledge my prodigious bladder capacity in front of the entire family and Kira had instantly stopped her and changed the subject! It wasn’t often the “b” word entered my mind regarding my sister, but in light of her blatant sabotage of my compliment, I felt the word boiling to my lips and had to bite my tongue to keep it back. Any remaining qualms I had about beating Kira’s bladder into submission vanished, and as sleep overtook me that night, all I could think was “This. Means. War.”
