Indra vs Kira

Author: holditin

*000*2014-09-29 20:07

Day 3

I awoke the following morning with sleepy eyes, an ache in my back, and a very slight protrusion in my abdomen. I wouldn’t call it a bulge, not yet, but it was clear my kidneys had been doing some work during the night. it was probably a bit less than what I’d been holding the previous morning, but was certainly an amount that any sane individual would want to rid themselves of before starting their day. Slowly I pulled myself off the bed and got to work finishing my packing. A quick check of my phone revealed that it was 8 am, so 9 hours had passed since I felt desperate relief the last evening. I carefully selected sweatpants with a stretchy elastic waistband, not wanting to repeat the horrors of the day before, and when I was sure my parents weren’t looking, I deftly slipped off my panties and put them in my bag.

The less I had constricting my bladder the better, though this also meant greater risk, because if I let loose a spurt there would be nothing to prevent it from instantly becoming visible on my pants. Kira woke up just as I had finished my wardrobe change, and I noted that she also opted for sweatpants, though she justified it to our parents by talking about wanting to be more comfortable on the bus. By 8:30 we were ready to leave, with both of our parents having just entered the loo to ensure they’d be ok for the start of the ride. On the previous days Kira had shown no shame in peeing first after our holds, but on this day she seemed to be making the distinct point of waiting until I’d gone, standing as far away from the bathroom door as possible as we prepared to leave. I sniggered to myself at this. She would be in for quite a shock.

My father had used the toilet first, and when my mother exited after him she kind of gestured with her body language that my sister and I could go in now. Kira continued to stubbornly wait for me, barely even acknowledging that the bathroom was open, and I was about to make her pay for it. “No thanks, Mom, I’m fine thank you. Kira might need it, however. It’ll be a long ride.” I batted my eyes in my sister’s direction as I said the last sentence. I could scarcely believe I’d laid out such a brazen, public challenge to her, especially about such a taboo topic, and I could feel my adrenaline pumping as we stared each other down. Kira paused for a few seconds, wide eyed from my display, but when she replied it was in an even, confident tone, “Oh, of course I’ll be fine. Let’s go!”

My father let out a sigh of slight exasperation, perhaps thinking our egos were getting the better of us. But mother beamed with pride, maybe mixed with a bit of fear, but pride nonetheless, at the thought of her two girls being so strong. It looked like she was finally getting used to having two iron bladdered daughters instead of one. And so the four of us paraded out the door, left the hotel, hailed a cab, and reached the bus station by 9, Kira and I both with 10 hours of pee being stoically held by our strong sphincter muscles. After another half hour of wait, during which the four of us casually sipped from our water bottles, the bus arrived, so we piled on. We were in the back half of the bus, with maybe four rows of seats behind us.

I sat at the window next to my mother, and on the other side of the aisle Kira sat with our father. The seating was random, but also, perhaps subconsciously, fitting. After all, by taking the window seats, Kira and I were restricting ourselves from having ease of access to the bus lavatory, since we would need to both ask permission and crawl over our parents to reach the loo. It was just subtle psychological warfare between the two of us. Even if this impromptu holding contest wasn’t taking place, both of us would still easily be able to wait for a rest stop.

The bus left at 10 am sharp. It was nearly full. Unless people hadn’t filled out the back, only two seats were free from what I could see. And since I had no intention of going back to use the onboard facilities, I obviously had no reason to look to the rear of the bus. The first two hours of the trip passed uneventfully. Kira and I continued to take large gulps from our oversized water bottles while our parents nursed theirs at a much slower pace. By constantly peering over at each other to keep track of the other sister’s progress, we were able to polish off our waters almost simultaneously at 12 pm. Our first rest stop was in half an hour, and I was content to wait until then to refill my water.

After all, already there was 1.5 liters of water sloshing through my stomach and making its way to my bladder on top of my morning pee. Such was the same for Kira, but as I snuck a glance at her I saw her make quick eye contact with me. Then she turned to our father and asked for his half full water bottle, claiming to be thirsty. Father gave her a look that seemed to say “Don’t be stupid”, but Kira returned fire with a condescending yet steely glare that meant “Do you realize who you’re talking to?” Father sighed and handed over the bottle. Kira was nice enough not to drain it, but by the time she’d finished sucking water from it, there had to be an 500 ml making its way towards her expanding bladder. Then she handed back the bottle and looked at me mockingly, daring me to do the same. Like I needed the invitation.

“Mother, can I please have some of your water? I’m quite thirsty, and as you can see, mine is empty.” I pouted and shook my empty water bottle for effect. My mother’s face began to show fear. Try as she might, it seemed she was still having a hard time adjusting to my new status as “big bladdered daughter number two”.

“Are you sure you want it?” she asked me in a low voice. We both knew I wasn’t thirsty and just wanted to prove a point, though I’m sure she didn’t realize the extent of Kira and my holding contest. “Yes,” I replied confidently, “I’m thirsty.” My mother stared at me for a few seconds, waiting for me to crack and take back my request. When I didn’t she sighed, tried to smile to herself a little, and handed over her water bottle. I did my best to drink a comparable amount to Kira, handed it back, and rested my head on the window, waiting for the rest stop.

We ended up being late to the rest stop, arriving at 1 pm. I’d noticed my mother sitting rigidly as the clock passed 12:30, but she managed to call upon her reserves of bladder strength and wait. But she was up right away when we stopped, and I knew her bladder was bursting. I, on the other hand, felt comfortable despite 14 hours of pee sitting in my bloating bladder. Kira too gave no sign of needing relief at the stop, and so we both patiently waited our turn and exited the bus. I noticed, as we made our way inside the stop, which was basically a large food court, that Kira and I were the only two women to not immediately head to the restrooms. What I was sure of was that we were the only two that hadn’t gone that morning, as well as the only two with two liters of water coursing through their systems.

I decided to take action. “Here, let me fill that back up for you, sis,” I said, grabbing her empty bottle and walking to the water fountain. She made no effort to stop me. Instead, I noticed an odd, thoughtful look on her visage, but dismissed it and began letting the water pour into the bottles, secretly imagining all of it pouring straight into my enormous bladder. I saw my lower stomach growing and growing in my head, and nearly lost myself in the fantasy.

When I recovered, both water bottles were brimming with bladder torturing liquid. I took them and turned to find Kira, but my sister was right behind me already. She was holding up two half liter bottles of cranberry juice. “I’m tired of just water. I think we should mix things up,” she said with a mischievous grin, trading me one water bottle for one cranberry juice bottle, giving us both an additional two liters of fluid to suck down and hold on to. It was certainly a lot of liquid, but I didn’t flinch, accepting the bottle and following her back to the bus, having found no relief at the so-called rest stop.

We sat back down in our respective seats and Kira instantly began sipping at her refilled water. Refusing to be outdone, I did the same, and by the time the bus was ready to leave, we had both drained another half liter each. Our parents were beside us again, so talk was kept to a minimum, but from the glances my mother was giving to both of us, it was clear she was having trouble reconciling her joy in our bathroom etiquette with her fear of us losing it on the bus. I just smiled wanly.

By 2:30 I decided to crack open my cranberry juice. Personally I wasn’t a big fan of the stuff, finding it rather bitter. Before touching it to my lips, I thought back and remembered that Kira wasn’t much of a cranberry juice drinker either. So why now? On a whim I began to read the label, my eyes scrolling down through the listing of ingredients and nutrients. I was about to shrug and take a swig when I saw it. ‘Can act as a mild diuretic.’ Now I was intrigued. Why would Kira pick this drink in particular? Was it chance, or did she know of cranberry juice’s diuretic properties? And if she did, why would she get it, knowing full well that she would also have to endure the extra pee flooding into her well trained bladder? I sat and contemplated this, then came up with the answer. Kira was trying the same strategy she’d used the previous day.

She was trying to push the liquids to a great degree, betting that her ability to wait at full capacity would outlast my own. Surely the way yesterday ended had given her hope for this strategy, as it was I who was the more obviously desperate of the two when we finally reached the hotel in the evening. I’m sure she figured if she kicked the fluids up one more notch with the diuretic-laden drink, I would have no choice but to fold. However, she had overlooked one very important point. I hadn’t nearly lost my load yesterday because of the large quantities of water I consumed in the afternoon, but rather due to the unbearable tightness of her tiny jeans shorts pressed right on my full bladder. With both of us clad in comfy sweatpants on the air conditioned bus, this would be a nonissue for me. I was determined to hold out, no matter the stakes.

With a grin to myself, I threw back my head and consumed the entire bottle of cranberry juice at once, sighing loudly enough upon completion to alert Kira to what I had just done. Her eyes went wide for a moment when she saw the empty bottle in front of me, but then she began to snicker. She did not, as I had expected, instantly chug her bottle in return, instead merely popping off the cap and taking a single sip. I steeled myself. So that was her game. She was playing dirty now. If she kept up her current pace, her cranberry juice would take over an hour to be finished, while I was now fully laden with the diuretic laced juice.

My bladder would end up being pumped with a larger quantity of pee than hers. I was slowly realizing that perhaps she wanted more than just to win a fair contest with me. Perhaps she wanted me to embarrass myself in front of my family, to piss myself in shame on the bus ride for even having the gall to challenge her in this endeavor. Well, if that was her game, I was more than willing to play it. Ii knew my abilities, and I reckoned I could still handle myself and my sure to be bulging bladder.

It was 4 pm by the time Kira finished the last of her cranberry juice. With 17 hours separating her from her last trip to the toilet, she looked the picture of casual calm. Hands pressed into her lap, true, but I didn’t doubt that my iron bladdered sister still had plenty of room and will to hold on. On the outside I also appeared ok. Maybe I was a bit tenser than she, but only slightly. Well, there was one outward sign of my need to pee, if we’re being honest. My bladder had started ballooning around 3:30 and only recently stopped growing at such a quick rate. I was thankful that the cranberry juice wasn’t as bad as a full blown diuretic pill, otherwise I’d probably be nearing my limit. But as I gently palmed the lump that was even slightly visible under my sweatshirt, I knew the juice had still affected me.

We had another rest stop at 4:30, this one lasting until 6 so that we could all eat a real dinner. Considering all my family had had by this point in the day was some random snacks on the bus, we were quite happy for the stop. Though part of me was disappointed that my increasing hunger would no longer be there in the pit of my stomach to distract me from the throb of my bladder. I stood carefully to follow my mother off the bus. I peeked to my right and saw Kira stand, wince, and put her legs closer together before gingerly exiting after me. The diuretic had finally started to hit her as well.

She probably hadn’t realized how full she’d gotten until she stood up, whereas I was used to the increased pressure thanks to finishing my cranberry juice well before her. Of course, I knew my sister’s bladder was still plenty strong and figured she’d be able to rebound from this setback soon enough. I, on the other hand, would in all likelihood be faced with having to control a weakening sphincter muscle before she would, since I was facing the pressure for a longer period of time. That thought sent a chill up my spine, but my heart began to beat faster as I noted that it was a chill of pleasure, not fear.

This rest stop, near the Texas-Oklahoma border, featured a sit down restaurant proclaiming itself to be “The last true Italian food before Oklahoma”. I tried to stifle a laugh at how absurd that sounded and entered the restaurant. Thankfully we were allowed to seat ourselves, meaning our parents could immediately scurry off to relieve themselves once more. That left Kira and I at the table. I could tell she was smoldering at my insistence to continue holding as long as she did. I had just turned my glance away from her when she piped up, “You’ll never manage to outhold me, you know.”

My jaw dropped at my sister’s blatant acknowledgement of our contest. Even though it was clearly happening, it still took getting used to to be talking about it. Not waiting any longer for my reply, Kira continued, “You couldn’t beat me growing up and you certainly can’t now. I don’t know who you’re trying to impress. Mom KNOWS that I’m the bladder queen of this family, and that’s not changing no matter how much you try. I know you can’t hold as much as me, and I know you can’t hold as long as I can. Indra, you should just give up now and spare yourself the embarrassment of having to use the bus toilet.” It took me a moment to recover from her outburst, but I shot back, “Oh yeah? Well ever since I moved to Texas my bladder has been getting bigger and bigger. Throw all the tricks at me you want, I can hold it.”

“Please,” Kira responded with a smirk, “You nearly lost it last night. Another hour of walking and you would have peed yourself. I would have been fine. In fact, I’m still fine, while you’re probably sitting over there with a bursting fanny.” The venom in her words jolted me. It made me realize just how much Kira valued having the biggest, strongest, longest lasting bladder in the family. But this knowledge didn’t make me take pity on her for even attempting to unseat her. It just made me want to push her, and me, further. I was busy thinking these thoughts and Kira became impatient. “Well, what do you have to say for yourself??” I gave her a blank stare as I asked her, “How far are you willing to go?” Before she could answer, I flagged down a passing waiter. “Two iced teas please.”

The dinner was fantastic. I promised never to doubt the true Italian tastes of North Texas ever again as the final bite of pasta entered my mouth. Kira and I had both finished our iced teas within minutes of our parents returning from the restrooms, so of course that meant we needed refills. I figured that would be all the drinking we’d need for now, but Kira was intent on following through with her plan to drink me under the table. As our waiter collected our dirty plates, Kira motioned to him.

“Sir? I’m ever so sorry to bother you, but would you mind topping off my water bottle?” Not waiting for a reply, Kira took out her water, still one liter full, and chugged down half of it. I could hear my mother audibly gulping as the waiter then filled it with a liter of water to make it full once more. All eyes turned to me, everyone knowing what was coming. Kira was mouthing “Give up Indra” over and over, but she wouldn’t be winning this contest this easily. I took out my own 1.5 liter bottle, pressed it to my lips and didn’t lower it until the water level was at the same spot it was in Kira’s bottle. “Mine as well please.” I gave the waiter my sweetest smile to make up for the fact that he had to go and get another pitcher before he could fulfill my request. After all, it isn’t often girls ask for an extra two liters of water after a meal with multiple iced teas each.

Our parents rose from the table. It was nearly 6, so we needed to get back on the bus. My mother was sweating, caught between wanting to say something about the condition of her daughters’ bladders and being restricted by her culture and upbringing. Finally she squeaked out, “Are you girls ready to leave?” Kira and I briefly stared each other down. She was doing a pristine job of maintaining her composure and hiding her need, built up by 4.5 liters of drinks and nearly 19 hours since her last pee.

Her hands were in her lap and her legs were crossed and jiggling slightly, but her face remained calm as she replied, “Oh mother, I’m as comfortable as ever. Let’s get back on that bus.” My mother turned her gaze to me. “Indra?” Despite the telltale ache my bladder was now experiencing, and I lieu of the fact that it was packed solid with piss, round and hard in my abdomen, I took no more than a second before answering, “Why, I’ve never felt better. To the bus!” I caught Kira’s face nearly snarling in my direction as we made our way back to finish our trip.

The bus pulled back onto the road. We were right on schedule and were due to arrive in Oklahoma City at 9 pm sharp. By 7 pm I was regretting the fact that we didn’t take a higher quality bus, as my bladder was expanding to even greater proportions and I desperately wanted to be able to lie back and give it room, rather than having to stay crunched up in the tiny seat. And I could tell that Kira, for all her bluster and outward confidence, was also feeling the strain. She was sitting straight up, sometimes moving her legs up and down, sometimes banging her hand on her thighs to keep herself distracted, but never looking fully calm. Both of us, however, remained in control, leak free and in firm command of our sphincters.

The bus drove on. As 7 pm turned to 8, my bladder swelled to the size of a small cantaloupe. Kira was shifting her legs uncomfortably in her seat, the pee pressure clearly getting to her. But my father made no move to let her up to get to the toilet, and in any case Kira wouldn’t have bothered. She was holding with determination, as she better have been after her harsh words at dinner. But I didn’t feel much better. I was reaching what I felt to be my maximum capacity, my bladder hurting more with every additional millimeter of bulging.

Still, the two of us continued to assault our poor, aching sphincters by drinking from our water bottles. There was no more chugging, we were both too full for that, but every five minutes or so we would alternate moderate sips. There was no stopping our insane holding game. Our bladders would just have to enlarge further, hurt more, and stretch to contain what we demanded of them. It seemed defeat was not an option for either of us. My legs had begun to softly scissor inward and out. The desire to release was becoming too strong to ignore without movement, and even then it was eating away at my will. I saw Kira begin to bob her knees up and down and redoubled my holding efforts, knowing we were both feeling the same strain, determined not to crack first.

Somehow, both of us played Russian roulette with our bladders and came away unscathed, as the bus rolled into its station in Oklahoma City at 8:45 and neither Kira nor I had suffered even the most remote of leakage. It was clear to anyone who looked upon us that we were two young adult girls in dire need of a bathroom break, wee bursting to escape, but still we suppressed our bodily urges. On shaky legs I rose to exit the bus, and Kira followed after cupping her expansive bladder with her hands. Once we were out it was merely a 10 minute walk to our hotel and the freedom our pent up pee was so desperately desiring.

“Are you two ok?” our mother asked us as we began the short walk. I whispered out “Of course mother,” while Kira could only nod and grimace. A particularly hard bladder spasm was wracking her beautiful slim figure, and it was taking what appeared to be a great deal of concentration and muscle control to fight it off. The walk was slow going but Kira and I pushed ourselves to our limits in an effort to appear unaffected by the quantities of piss pushing us to release our bladders all over the sidewalk. Our hands curled into fists, we both forced our backs straight, wincing mightily as the urge to let loose our torrents doubled in intensity. We both sported large pudges growing over the waistbands of our sweatpants. Had we been wearing Kira’s tiny shorts from the previous day, we might have been done in, even with our massive resolve and bladders. But thankfully our bladders were able to stretch as much as necessary to contain our immense floods, if only just.

Finally the hotel was in sight. Kira gasped as she held it in in the face of yet another bladder spasm. I was taking ever smaller steps as we entered the hotel lobby, shaking legs pressed together as discreetly as possible. We all approached the counter and my mother began the process of checking in for the night. I looked to my right and saw Kira fighting with everything she had to remain still in front of the hotel employee at the desk, and with a groan I followed her example.

But the check in began to drag on, and after two minutes I heard Kira take a sharp intake of breath and begin to fidget, clearly willing herself not to grasp her crotch for everything she was worth. For a moment I felt superior. Then I noticed that I had been unconsciously wiggling my legs for the past minute. Both of us were gagging for a toilet, two desperate young women holding back 22 hours of pee in our overstretched piss containers. It had to come out soon, one way or another. We were both pee dancing on the spot. For the first time I noticed Kira give me a worried look. The iron bladder of the family herself was close to breaking.

Then the clerk handed my mother two hotel room keys and we were off, all thoughts of wetting on the floor of the lobby forgotten for the both of us as we walked quickly to the elevator. The movement gave me back some semblance of control, however slight, and I felt that Kira got the same effect from it. In any case her constant hitching of breath as she fought through spasm after spasm had stopped. The elevator took us to the top floor, and we walked desperately down the entire hall before reaching our room door at the very end of it.

Mother inserted her key card while I kept myself from spurting at the thought of being so near a bathroom at last. But as she turned the handle, a new thought struck me with horror. Who would go first? Surely it would have to be Kira, as in my intensely prideful state I felt I would rather wet than pee before her. But that meant I would have to hold on for at least 5 long, painful bladder busting minutes before getting the opportunity to gain my relief. I didn’t know if I could make it that long, not with the toilet so close, not while listening to Kira piss out Niagara Falls. With bated breath I entered.

The room was huge. For a split second all thoughts of pee pain left my head as I marveled at the size of our hotel room. “Sorry it took so long,” my mother was saying beside me, though it was difficult to concentrate on her voice, “I had us upgraded to the suite.” Momentarily I wondered why my frugal, penny pinching mother would voluntarily pay more money for an albeit bigger room, but then all that went to the wayside as I saw another perk of the room size – it had two bathrooms.

Instantly Kira hobbled into the bathroom nearest the hotel door, while I raced to the one on the far side of the room. I heard her door shut with a thud and mine followed seconds later. My sweatpants were somehow tight to my body, such was the distension of my bulging bladder. I yanked them down frantically, crossed my legs for one second to regain full control and admire the cannonball in my abdomen, and then rushed to the toilet.

My gusher began as soon as I was seated. 22 hours of piss streamed out of me with crazy force. That damn cranberry juice had nearly done me in, heck it had nearly done in Kira, the mastermind herself, yet we both survived. I could hear Kira’s massive gush faintly through the door, but by bearing down even harder on my own stream I managed to drown it out. I had always been good at peeing with force once I’d become a competent holder, but my current flood outstripped even the ones I had made in the past few days. I was well and truly bursting. I wiped matted hair out of my face as my pee continued into its second minute unabated.

My mind fought through wave after wave of pee pleasure to think about Kira and the ridiculous levels this challenge had now reached. 22 hours without a single pee break was crazy, even for a well-trained Indian girl such as her. Or such as me. I wasn’t sure if we could push the limits any further to really find a winner in this contest of bladder capacity. Even with a milk diuretic we both lasted a full day. With despair I noted that this trip would be over soon. We had another bus ride to Albaquerque tomorrow, and the next morning we’d be heading to the Albaquerque airport, where my mother, father, and Kira would fly back to India and I would fly back to Houston. I didn’t think there was enough time left to resolve things, one way or another.

Even as my pee began to slow down in its fourth minute, I sat and pondered the fact that Kira and I were seemingly too good at holding it to decide upon a winner. My trickle finally ground to a halt seconds before the fifth minute began, and when it did I suddenly got one last, risky plan. It was ridiculous, so much in fact that I didn’t know if I’d be able to do it, let alone Kira. But dammit, at the risk of total embarrassment, of biting off way more than I could chew, and of pushing my bladder into very uncharted waters, I promised myself I would see it through to the end, for better or worse. And besides, my plan was crazy enough that it just might work, and that was enough for me.

With a jolt I heard my father banging on the bathroom door, and I surmised that I’d been inside for an additional five minutes, going through my desperate plan over and over. Haphazardly, I apologized, rinsed my hands, and exited. My father gruffly entered, and I found myself alone in what appeared to be a combination bedroom and living room with one gigantic bed. I saw the other bathroom door was still shut, and I guessed that my mom was inside it, but then where was Kira? I turned all the way around and noted a door I hadn’t seen before in my rush for a toilet, hidden away just to the right of the bathroom that I had used.

I turned the handle, opened it, went inside, and came face to face with two more beds, these ones smaller but still impressive. Kira was busy making hers, her back to me. Sensing my presence, she said to me, without looking over her shoulder, “You know this is hopeless, right? Try it again tomorrow for all I care. I’m used to this. I’ll last longer on my shortest hold than you ever could on your longest. Face it sis, I’ve got the iron bladder, and you…well you just don’t, ok? It doesn’t make you less of a woman, well, TOO much less of a woman, it just makes you like everyone else.”

My eyes blazed like fire for a moment at her words, but then I lay into the bed opposite Kira’s and became unspeakably tired. All the holding of the past day had worn me out. All I mustered in reply was, “You’ll have to try harder than this,” before my heavy eye lids shut themselves. And as I began drifting off to sleep, I made one final revelation. Our mother said she had purposely upgraded us to the suite. Now I knew why. She knew how close Kira and I’s bladders were to their breaking points when we reached the hotel, and she didn’t want one of us to have to disgrace ourselves waiting for the toilet in the room. So she’d gotten us the largest room, the only one in the hotel with multiple bathrooms, to save us from ourselves. The last words on my lips before the sandman took his nightly hold of me were “I don’t want to be saved.”
