Indra vs Kira

Author: holditin

*000*2014-09-29 20:07

Day 4

I awoke to the sound of Kira getting dressed. In preparation for the bus ride to come, she had once again opted for sweatpants and a large t-shirt. Instinctively my hands reached for my bladder, and I was pleased to discover a small hardness, but nothing more. I was relieved that the cranberry juice from the day before hadn’t continued to work on my kidneys through the night. I’d need every bit of bladder capacity I could muster for what lay ahead. I clenched my sphincter a few times, testing it, and was delighted by the results. I was able to clamp down as hard as ever, my bladder showing basically no ill effects from the previous day’s bursting hold. This was good. This gave me a chance.

Kira noticed that I was awake, and instantly her trash talk from the last night continued. “Aww, finally awake there Indra? Did that long hold tire you out? I still haven’t taken a pee this morning, and isn’t that your big bad plan? Get Kira to skip her morning pee, because obviously that worked out so well for you yesterday.” All I had time for was, “Don’t’ go before we leave,” before she cut me off and continued, “Of course I won’t go before we leave. If you wanna lose the hard way, so be it. But do you actually think skipping my morning pee is anything new or difficult for me? Back when I was a senior in high school, I didn’t take a morning pee for 8 months, from day one until graduation.

I got my diploma with a darn fuller bladder than you had at yours. I’ve done this more than you know, and when I go back to India I guarantee you, Indra, that I’ll still be the owner of the biggest, strongest, and best bladder in this family.” I began getting dressed as she finished her rant. My normally composed sister was anything but. I knew I was in for a serious fight now that I was encroaching on her territory, staking my name to her big bladdered crown, but I had never been more prepared, both mentally and physically, for anything in my entire life. That much I knew. “We’ll find out if you’re right,” was all I said as I readied myself to leave the room. Kira could only huff and follow.

The clock on the far wall of the main room read 7:30. I was surprised it was so early, but then again I had crashed to sleep as soon as we had gotten in and my pressing pee had gotten out, so I was certainly well rested. Our parents were already getting their things in order, and by 7:45 we were ready to leave the hotel. Our bus didn’t depart until noon, so we had some time to relax and see the sights of Oklahoma City. Both of them popped into the separate bathroom stalls for one final pee, and when they exited my mother wore that look of agitation mixed with pride that I was getting to know so well.

She gave a half gesture to Kira and I in the direction of the open bathroom doors, and without even a glance at each other we both shook our heads. The battle was well and truly on. Mother almost gave a grimace, sighed to herself after a brief pause, then spoke, “Forgive me, girls. I should remember how grown up you both are.” She emphasized the word ‘both’, which brought a wry smile to my lips. ‘If you only knew how grown up we were going to prove ourselves to be before this trip ends,’ I thought to myself. Then we were out the door, checked out of the hotel, and on our way to the center of the city, and already nearly 11 hours separated Kira and I from our last lavatory visits.

We found out one thing in the four hours we had to kill – Oklahoma City is a boring place. Maybe it was just that my focus was on other, more exciting things, but the time seemed to drag. Kira and I each emptied our water bottles and refilled them, along with consuming a cup of coffee and a glass of juice each at breakfast. The additional liquids bothered us not. By this point in the journey, we both knew the other possessed some serious holding power. Finally the time came to board the bus. We had reached the station a bit early to give our parents a chance to pee one last time before the ride.

Kira and I simply waited outside the restrooms for them. The station was packed and the flow of women in and out of the ladies’ room was constant. As the two of us stood outside it, regarding ourselves as above needing the relief it offered, we overheard one skinny blonde, probably in her mid 30s, say to a man I presumed was her husband, “Look at those girls. Over there. Girls these days think they all have bladders of steel. I guarantee you they’ll regret just standing there in two hours time.” The man just nodded. Kira gave her sassy smirk, while I chuckled to myself. We might end up regretting it, but it would definitely take longer than two hours. This became funnier to me when I considered that it had already been nearly 15 hours since we’d last gotten relief.

Despite the crush of people, the four of us found ourselves among the first ones on our bus. Kira gave me a look, then announced to my parents, “Indra and I are gonna take the seats in the back.” They nodded dumbly, as did I, surprised my sister wanted to sit with me but not really feeling unhappy about it. When we reached the seats I quickly realized the psychological ploy Kira was going for. These seats were positioned right next to the bus’s onboard lavatory, meaning that not only would we both constantly be afforded a reminder of our plight as well as an easy way to end our bladder pain, but we’d have to listen to the continuous trickle of passengers emptying their bladders while ours stayed full.

Without missing a beat, Kira took the window seat, mentioning with an airy casualness, “I’ll sit here, so you don’t have to climb over me to pee. I, of course, will not be needing to do that on this bus. I can hold it. In fact, I can hold it even though it’s been over half a day since I wasn’t holding it. Grown women can do that, you know.”

“I know how long it’s been, sister. And it’ll be much longer before I’ll have to do such an unwomanly thing as relieve myself, so I hope you’re in it for the long haul.” I sat down next to her after finishing my retort, legs intentionally open to show the ease of my current sublime bladder control. Inwardly I was proud of my response. I’d always wanted to be able to say things like that, just as Kira did, to offhandedly brag about my holding capacity, but until recently my bladder had never been big enough to actually allow me to do so. While I clearly needed practice, I thought I was getting better.

The bus left at 12:10, maneuvering through the city streets and quickly joining up with the highway. The late start was attributed to the fact that this bus was jam packed with people, and many of them had decided to be stragglers. They clearly hadn’t expected such a crowded bus station to walk through, or perhaps they didn’t think the lines for the restrooms would be quiiite as long as they were. I smiled to myself at the knowledge that that was never a problem for me anymore. Within the first half hour of the ride a woman of perhaps 45 cursed, “Oh, blast it!” and rose from her seat.

She hobbled down the aisle, keeping one hand on her thigh, mere inches from her crotch. With some manner of franticness she opened the bus bathroom stall and entered. Kira and I, being situated so close to the bathroom, could easily hear the woman’s stream, which started out impressively before dying down into a normal 30 second pee. “Not even enough to put a dent into my bladder.” I heard myself say as she returned to her seat. I was a bit surprised to be talking about someone else’s bladder in public like that, especially so brazenly, but I found that I quite liked hearing the words come off my tongue. Kira gave a short laugh and responded, “She could pee ten times before I’d have to go once.”

By 1 pm I noticed that neither Kira nor I had consumed more than some token sips from our 1.5 liter water bottles. Feeling that my bladder was still quite in control, I decided to make up a game to increase our intake and, over the long term, decrease that very control we both coveted so highly. “Hey sis, how about a drinking game,” I suggested. Kira snapped to a half-hearted attention, moving her eyes from the window to me. “What do you have in mind?” she asked lazily. She asked it in the way one does when regarding a child’s poorly thought out request and not having the patience to give it some fake enthusiasm.

Undeterred, I continued, “I’ll bet you that my side of the bus (I gestured to all the seats on the right half of the aisle) has better bladder control than your side (I motioned to everyone left of the aisle). We’ll keep track. Every time someone from my half goes to the bathroom, I’ll take a big drink of water, and every time someone from your half goes, you drink.” Kira’s eyes lit up at the idea, though she did her best to put on a bored face as she replied, “Well, ok, it’ll get me through this bus ride at least. But when you forfeit and pee, you still count for your side, so I expect you to drink when you come back.” I just smiled, “Deal.”

By 3 pm it was clear that, despite her best efforts, my sister couldn’t keep from showing her excitement at my game. Her competitive nature had taken over, combined with her obsession to have a larger bladder than all those around her. Another person, this time a teenage girl who couldn’t possibly have been older than me, left her seat and went towards the lavatory. Kira fist pumped. I sighed. The girl was on my side. I would have to drink. I swigged from my water bottle, noting how much lighter it was now than when we’d begun this game. I reckoned I had already consumed a liter of it, while Kira had probably had no more than a third of that.

Setting down my bottle, I turned to her as she began her trash talk, “Damn, Indra, this this was a better idea than I gave you credit for. You’re gonna lose both your pee and the game before the first rest stop, and I didn’t even have to do a thing to goad you on!” We both knew she was exaggerating. After the last few days together Kira had to know I wouldn’t break so easily. Still, there was no doubt as I felt the fullness of my abdomen that I was in worse shape than her. She was still as jovial as ever, even with 18 hours of pee sitting in her gigantic bladder. My spur of the moment idea was backfiring in my face.

Suddenly, in the next ten minutes my luck changed. A parade of people began to filter in and out of the onboard toilet, and all of them were from Kira’s side! My sister began grumbling about how stupid of a game this really was as she was forced to chug her drink until it was level with mine. Still, she did no more than cross her legs until we pulled into our rest stop at 4 pm. With 19 hours of pee in our bladders, Kira and I ignored the women’s toilets and headed straight for the water fountains.

As soon as we had refilled our giant water bottles, Kira noticed something. Nearly everyone on our bus had entered the restrooms. “How do you wanna factor that into our game?” I asked. Kira shrugged and turned her newly full bottle to her lips, her throat working overtime to swallow as much as possible. I followed her lead, the two of us chugging and keeping eye contact, determined not to quit before the other. 45 seconds later, we both succeeded. Our stomachs were heavy and waterlogged, but the 1.5 liter bottles were empty again. We couldn’t have that, obviously, so we filled them up one more time, grabbed some food to eat on the bus, and returned to our seats, both knowing our bladders would soon be feeling the effects of that rash decision.

Time seemed to pass more slowly after the rest stop. Kira was still giving me the occasional comment about her bladder’s infinite strength relative to mine, but for the most part we sat in near silence, both waiting for our bladders to reach their bursting points. The two of us sat next to the bathroom, both needing it badly but neither giving in. Our abdomens were bulged out far past anything that could be considered normal, yet there we sat, pretending we hadn’t a care in the world. And besides our crossed legs and sometimes strained facial expressions, one could have still looked at us and not known we were bursting of the pot. Thankfully our game had slowed down as well, with so many people having relieved themselves at the stop.

Over the final couple of hours of the ride, Kira and I did our best to remain unmoving, unchanging against the ever increasing tides lapping against our bladder walls. Our piss tanks continued to swell, to the point that we now both looked positively massive in that region. Kira squirmed in her seat every now and then, while I was busy doing Kegals to remain in firm control of the river I was containing. We’d both ended up consuming an additional liter of water each in the course of playing our bus bathroom game, and I could tell from the look in Kira’s eyes on her last few drinks that she didn’t know where she was going to be able to put this excess liquid.

With no diuretic hampering me this time, I knew I’d be good to last to our hotel, even if it was a struggle. And at 9 pm, exactly 24 long, arduous hours since either of us had felt any relief, the bus pulled into the Albaquerque bus station. Kira and I took one last, longing look at the bus toilet before exiting gingerly to the sidewalk.

We met up with our parents and decided to hail a cab to our hotel. I could see mother giving note to our heavily swollen abdomens and our feeble attempts to stand straight while walking, but she said nothing as we entered the cab. 15 minutes later we were in the hotel. Thankfully, despite our bursting conditions, Kira and I both showed much more self-control in the lobby this time around. We looked around with nonchalance, only giving away the severity of our bladder agony by placing our hands protectively under our giant, fragile bulges and perhaps clicking our heels and moving our feet a bit much for girls who only had to wait at check-in for a minute or two. Realizing we had much better control of ourselves on this night, our mother opted for the usual small, one bathroom hotel room.

On legs that were just beginning to get shaky, Kira and I walked into our room. Both of us sat defiantly on our bed, neither making a move for the toilet. Our parents both paused briefly to give us a chance to change our minds, but when we continued to sit, my mother darted in to relieve herself. Father followed, but Kira and I did not. After unpacking a little, our father ordered the family some food to be delivered, then sat and turned on the TV to watch with mother. Kira and I made as if we were also paying attention to the screen, but nothing could have been further from the truth. Our bladders were like bowling balls in our stomachs, and keeping them full and intact was all either of us cared about at the moment. The food arrived and we all ate, then my parents retired to bed, done in from the constant traveling, after one final look from my mother to her badly bursting, nearly exploding daughters.

I saw the clock once the snores began to rise from my parent’s bed, and it said 10 pm. 25 hours had now passed since Kira or I had even seen the inside of a bathroom, let alone use a toilet. It was like we were trying to live without admitting that a need to pee is a need that everyone, even well-trained girls with enormous bladders, must give in to eventually.

Kira also noticed that our parents were asleep, so she was able to speak about our conditions freely, “Ok, admit it, Indra, you’ve failed. Once again, you only ended up holding as long as I have. You can’t last any longer, I mean really, look at that melon you’ve got in your gut! I know you have to let it out. It’s been over a day now. Why don’t you just admit you can’t defeat me, take a piss, let me take my piss, and we can go to sleep? I can go on being the iron bladder of this family, and you can go on being second best.” At this I smiled. “What’s so funny?!” Kira asked, louder than she intended due to her state of bladder distress. “This waiting game isn’t over yet,” I said to her, my eyes twinkling.

“What are you talking about?” Kira questioned, “It’s been (she swiveled to look at the clock)….25 hours since we’ve peed! What do you mean it’s not over? We’re here, we’re in our hotel room. Of course it’s over. It’s just a question of who goes first. And that’s you. A tie always goes to the champion, and I most certainly am the bladder champion around here.” My grin grew wider, “Well, Kira, I’m not going. I don’t care how big the lump in my abdomen gets, I’m not gonna pee tonight.” Now Kira’s eyes got wide as she understood what I was saying. “You mean…” she started, before I cut her off, “That’s right. If you want to give in and pee now, surrendering your title, that’s fine. Be my guest. But not a drop is coming out of me until tomorrow.” Kira’s voice cracked as she responded, “You’ll never make it! You’ll wet yourself in your sleep and disgrace the entire family! What will mom and dad say after that??”

“I can do it,” I told her, “and I’m going to. I’ve slept full before and I can do it again. So go, pee if you must, but that makes me the winner.” Kira was silent for a few seconds, clearly raging on the inside. She was now fighting both her incessant urge to pee and the idea of coping with a new challenge. My sister’s sights had been set on relief once we entered the hotel room, but from last night onward I knew the only way to win this would be to forgo my evening pee on this night, even if I was already 25 hours full. Finally Kira broke her silence. “Alright,” she almost spat the words at me, “I can go to bed without a pee too. It’s no problem for me, really. You’ll see. You’ll end up with a nice big wet patch under you while my side of this bed will be bone dry!” I smiled and nodded with fake good-naturedness, then got under the covers and prepared myself for sleep, bursting bladder and all.

Kira grumbled, grumbled some more, hemmed, hawed, and finally got into bed with me. Her legs were moving restlessly as she fought with her sphincter to remain in control of the mass of water she was holding. My own need was something more than a pleasurable ache, but I hadn’t been lying when I said I’d managed to sleep full before. I had done that many times in Houston. I just hadn’t been this full. Or full for this long. But I was prepared to risk it all, and this was certainly a heck of a risk to take. Slowly, it took perhaps a half an hour, my mind drifted off to sleep, even as my pee raged inside my bladder. My last conscious thought was that I could still hear rustling in the sheets beside me. Kira was still having problems.
