An OC omorashi

Author: RobotRemote

*000*2012-02-15 13:42

Day IV / Week V

I got up. It was time to go to the cinema with Princess Celestia and Cheerilee, my girlfriend.

Cheerilee shouted me down. It was time for breakfast! If you don’t know me, I’m Brendan, and I look like this. (Look below!)

%http://s1121.photobu...rent=myPony.png

You can download my profile on my YouTube account, explorertotodile.

Anyway, we had Breakfast, we had egg sandwiches, a drink, I had two, which I would regret later, and you know why? Well, let’s find out! When I was going in the car, Drink 1 must have digested quickly, because I felt a little pressure in my bladder, Celestia had told me to go in the back while Cheerilee and she went in the front, I agreed to do so, I decided to wait for the toilet, despite having a bush to pee in.

Well, that was a bad idea, because five minutes later the pressure started to get on to me, I started squirming a bit, to avoid further attention I looked outside the window for a bit, biting my lip. I then decided to take off my cape, to use as emergency IF I pee myself.

The window idea worked for a while, until a wave of desperation flew into my bladder, I smashed my front hooves into my crotch, Celestia (Driving obviously) looked at me, “A-are you alright?”

“R-really need to p-pee!” I said, trembling a bit.

“Okay, do you think you can hang on?” Celestia said.

I had let out a spurt. “NO!” I said, starting to lose control of my bladder.

“Okay, I’ll be quick as I can to get there okay?” she said.

“Okay.” I said, letting out another spurt, larger than the last one. The crotch of my pants was wet, I even wondered if I could make it in time.

Well, wondering that let out a stream of pee, it ran down my hind legs and saturated the seat under my butt, beads of sweat ran down my face, Cheerilee looked at me, “Umm, Celestia?” she asked, “I don’t think Brendan is gonna make it.”

“D-don’t say that.” I said, “Y-you never know!” but then I let out another spurt by accident, “Well, maybe your right, I can’t hold it any longer.” I said.

After a few minutes my bladder muscles contracted as I completely flooded my pants, it ran down my hind legs, saturated the seat, Celestia and Cheerilee looked at me. I went red with embarrassment. It took three full minutes to empty, after that. I started sulking.

“D-don’t worry! It happens!” Celestia said.

“Yeah right.” I said. The hind legs of my outfit were soaked, in fact all of the pants of my outfit was wet, my front hooves were dripping, and that’s about it, we got to the cinema, and I just felt bad, If I had held it a little longer I would have been able to avoid wetting myself and would have just ran to the toilet and have been done with it, despite having wet pants, it would have been worth it instead then just soiling Celestia’s car.

Cheerilee asked me to lower the windscreen, I did so, “Um, Brendan?” she asked, “Do you have a cape to hide your accident?”

“Look at me girl,” I said, “the front is wet as well, how can you expect me to hide this?” Until I got an idea! I decided to put my cape in front of my pants.

“Good, but your butt is wet too! How are we going to hide that?” she asked.

I stood there, shivering as my wet clothes went cold.

“I-I dunno. But don’t worry. Okay?” I said.

“Okay!” Cheerilee said.

As soon as I stood outside, the wind blew, the places where my clothes were wet let wind in, I shivered.

“Oh, is the wind cold?” she asked.

“Yes, my wet clothes are letting the wind in.” I said.

“Okay. Well. Let’s go in!” she said,

I agreed, when we got in, drink 2 started to take effect in my bladder, as I felt it filling up, now to be honest I would just pee myself on purpose but I’m in a public place, The wonderbolts were there, the Cutie mark crusaders were there, the mane 6 was there (Applejack, Twilight, Rainbow Dash, the lot.), even Princess Luna and Pipsqueak was there, If I wet myself, everypony would start laughing at me!

I decided to sit down, hoping my clothes would dry. Everypony was busy talking. Celestia was paying for the movie, Cheerilee sat next to me. I watched as somepony went into the men’s room, I sighed. “Brendan? Are you alright?” Cheerilee asked

“No, I need the toilet.” I said.

“Well, if you pee yourself now, everypony is going to laugh at you! And you have nothing else to wear.” She replied.

“Don’t worry about me.” I said. “I’m not too important, just your average pony.”

Well, after five minutes, the bathroom was free, but then Braeburn went in, my desperation for a toilet was worsening as my bladder filled.

Celestia sat down next to me. I started squirming a bit, Celestia noticed my off behaviour and asked me “Why are you squirming? Whats wrong?”

“Really, need, to pee.” I said.

“Can you hold it this time?” she asked. “I don’t you to have another accident.”

“Yes, maybe.” I said. “But just in case I don’t, I’ll hope that it isn’t time for the movie,”

“Yes well, Don’t worry it’s only 15 minutes till the movie okay?” Celestia asked.

“Okay.” I said. Braeburn had finished in the bathroom until pipsqueak went in. If the bathroom wasn’t going to be free sooner or later I’m going to wet myself.

2 minutes and pipsqueak STILL hadn’t finished in the bathroom, my clothes had finally dryed, I smashed my front hooves and my cape into my crotch, letting out a spurt into my pants. Celestia looked bored “*sigh* thirteen minutes.” Distraction of looking at Celestia made me leak a long stream of pee, I stopped it in about five seconds, some pee ran down my hind legs.

“Ohh, Celestia, I’m gonna wet myself!” I said.

“Okay, well, you can ask Spitfire if you can use the girls room!” she said.

Spitfire was waiting for a movie too. “SPITFIRE!” I shouted, startling her by mistake, “Yes?” she asked.

“Please, Spitfire.” I said, “If you’re a nice girl, let me use the girls room!” I begged.

“No, sorry, it’s against the rules.” She said. My bladder contracted as I flooded my pants and soaked my cape. Spitfire, Celestia and Cheerilee watched me as pee ran down my legs and puddled onto the floor and the seat, Instead of sulking, however, tears ran down my face.

“Brendan?” Celestia asked, I refused to reply to her, I was just mad at myself for not going when I had the chance.

“Brendan? Can you answer me when I s-“ I interrupted her and let out all my anger out by punching her across the face, I ran off crying, leaving Celestia holding her face in pain, Sweetie Belle was waiting for Pipsqueak, Not looking where I was going, I crashed into her, she banged her head on the wall, she was crying after that. “I’m so sorry!” I said. Then ran into the girls room despite Spitfire’s rejection. I ran into a stall, after 3 minutes of crying, Celestia and Cheerilee came in.

“Brendan?” She asked. “I’m over here!” I said.

“Can you open the door, please?” Celestia said, I refused to do so.

“Can you open the door, please? I won’t ask you again.” Celestia said. I still refused.

Using her magic, she unlocked the door and opened it. I sighed in relief as she was alright after I had punched her.

“Listen.” Cheerilee said. “It happens to everypony at some point in their lives!” I leaped on her and hugged her, crying for a good 5 minutes while she patted my back.

We bought popcorn and a drink and then we watched the movie. It was great. Then we went home. The seat of the car still hadn’t dried, Cheerilee sat next to me. Telling me the story of when it happened to her. Afterwards I went home and to bed, but before going to bed, I took off my outfit to dry, Cheerilee told me that the toilet was broken. Me, Cheerilee and Celestia was sleeping in the same bed. But the worst thing happened.

I had to go to the toilet.

I wasn’t ready to wet the bed. And I couldn’t just leave either. I decided to hold it, as I decided not to wake up Celestia or Cheerilee,

Well, it would have been better for me to ask, because I started squirming and fidgeting, not to mention I’m gonna be in for it if I wet the bed, Cheerilee started to cuddle me, I didn’t want to pee on her, so I tried to break free. But to no avail, I couldn’t. I fought to keep my bladder’s floodgates shut.

A wave of pressure entered my bladder, i crossed my hind legs, accidently putting Cheerilee’s left hind leg between my crossed ones, luckily I hadn’t woken her up. Cheerilee turned away from me, and I lay on my back, and then I fell asleep.

I woke up. Cheerilee and Celestia had already gotten up. It was 3:59 in the morning, the average time I get up. i remembered about last night, I opened up the duvet and saw a nice big black circle where my butt was, not to mention pee was dripping from my legs, I had wet the bed obviously, I sat there sweating.

“Oh you’re up!” Celestia said “You wet the bed by the way.”

“I just found out,” I said “I’m so unlucky.” I continued as I sighed.

“ Don’t worry, the toilet is fixed anyway.” Celestia said.

And it had, and the day had continued normally. But at the end of the day, Celestia apologized for taking me, not knowing my bladder would become unstable at times. I said that I could have gone in the bushes.

