The Competition

Author: pdancefan

*000*2019-11-06 01:21

Here is a little idea I had. I apologize in advance as I am definitely not a great writer, and I'm sure this is crappy, but I hope you enjoy it. There is no wetting yet, but there will be in the next part,

Jennifer Gillman was a 45 year old brunette who lived in a small apartment complex. There were four apartments in the building. 2 upstairs and 2 downstairs. Jennifer, a secretary, lived in Apartment A on the Ground floor to the left of the front door. Her neighbor in apartment B was a 52 year old blonde accountant named Wendy. Wendy, who exercised regularly and had a trim physique for her age. Upstairs, in apartment C was 50 year old Joan a slightly plump blonde woman who was a receptionist for a doctor. And across the hall in apartment D was 21 year old Skye, a slim, red-haired, young lady who worked at a fast food restaurant while taking classes at the local community college.

The four women came and went, going about their daily lives and rarely encountering each other. But, early one evening, Jennifer was checking her mail box, at the same time Wendy was sweeping the mat in front of her door, and Joan was passing through taking several boxes to the storage room. Just then Skye walked in the front door. The four women greeted each other and exchanged the usual pleasentries. As they talked Skye shifted uncomfortably, stepping slightly around. She was wearing her work uniform of a teal polo shirt and black pants, her shoes making tapping noises as she stepped nervously.

"Are you allright dear?" asked Wendy. "Actually, I really need to pee. I had classes this morning and then had to go straight to work. We got slammed and I haven't gone all day!" she laughed and then winced. Joan said, " I've been there my dear. Working for doctors can really put your bladder to a test sometimes!" All four women laughed. "Oh! Don't make me laugh. I really have to go!" groaned Skye. "When I'm doing my accounting work, adding up all those numbers, I sometimes ignore peeing trying to get done faster. Then, when I finally get up to run to the bathroom, I can barely make it before my bladder lets go." Again, the four women laughed. Skye laughed and then shrieked as she squeezed her legs together pressed her hands on her knees. "I SAID DON'T MAKE ME LAUGH!" she cried out, "I'm bursting. Ohhh! Excuse me, I gotta go! I GOTTA GO! Oh my God!"

Skye dashed up the stairs, and the other women heard her doorknob jiggling as she jammed the key in and yanked it to open the door. Skye ran through the apartment to the bathroom, yanking down her pants and panties, pee burst out of her labia as she jammed her ass down on the toilet seat.

Downstairs the other three women looked at each other and laughed. They each returned to their apartments. Jennifer couldn't stop thinking about Skye and her pee desperation, and imagining the sight of Skye's last second piss in the toilet. Suddenly, she realized that she was getting turned on, especially when she thought of how hot it would have been if Skye had peed herself in front of them. After wanking herself off to a good orgasm, Jennifer called up each of her neighbors.

"I just had a great idea..."

