A Sense of Discomfort - Page 2

Author: Dale Miller

*025*2016-01-05 14:16

Chapter 6 is ready. There's no actual peeing or wetting in this chapter, only mentions of it. This is purely just to move the story forward and chapter 7 will be much more interesting, I promise you. I hope you still enjoy it for what it is

Chapter 6: The Second Night

I expected to feel like shit when I woke up next to a snoring Lee the next morning, so that came as no surprise. But I had expected to wake up feeling completely awful about the kiss, which I surprisingly didn't. I still felt the way I had the night before, that Jason had earned it and that, as far as kisses go, it was pretty good.

I wasn't sure exactly how to approach the subject the next day. Everyone had gone home except us three, but then again it seemed like either no one else cared or they simply didn't know. The three people I was most nervous about speaking to were all still there.

Thankfully, the awkwardness I expected to encounter was virtually non-existent. Jason and me talked about it briefly and concluded that it was just something that needed to happen between us. The fact that he was so cool about it made him go up in my estimations even more. Vicky was a sweetheart and didn't even bring it up, she just treated both of us the same as she normally would; with kindness. Lee had missed the whole thing on account of being unconscious, but I felt it best to tell her as she was gonna find out anyway and I thought she'd prefer to hear it from me. She pretty much saw it as a victory on her brother's part, god bless her.

Our lives continued as normal, Lee and myself started college, my friendship with Jason remained as strong as ever, and it was a whole year before the subject of 'Jason and me' came up again.

Lee and myself were now seventeen, a year older but not all that much more mature, even after a whole year of college. Travel and Tourism was what I decided to study, as it had always been a desire of mine to travel a lot more. Lee pretty much just picked the same subject as me so we could be in class together, but she seemed to develop a keen interest in the subject. Towards the end of the year she kept insisting that we do more travelling together, she was learning to drive and I would be soon as well. But she also pointed out to me how silly it was that we had been friends for so long and had not even been on holiday together. And before I knew it, we were booked into a four star hotel in Crete.

We arrived at the resort on a gorgeous Monday afternoon, the two of us along with two good friends of ours who, interestingly, had never met before. The first was Shannon Verne, we had known her since we were eleven, she was short, with perfectly straight black hair and enormous brown eyes. She was also just about the dumbest person we knew, which made her very easy to be friends with. The second was Grace Cole whom we had only known since we started college, but she was delightfully intelligent and also stunningly beautiful. She had a perfect figure, chestnut brown curly hair and a wide smile. My suspicions about Lee being gay were only increased when I saw the way she behaved around Grace. It wasn't too long after this that Lee finally came out.

We were booked into the hotel for seven nights, and we had decided amongst ourselves that we were only allowed to get drunk on three of those nights. Actually, it was Grace's idea and the rest of us agreed, even Lee who ordinarily would have dismissed the idea. Had it been anyone but Grace that suggested it, I think she would have.

The second night ended up being one of the drunk nights, and believe it or not Lee was actually pretty tame that night. Shannon, on the other hand, drank way too much and ended up passed out somewhere on site, only to reappear the next morning. Grace, being a bit of a light-weight, went to bed quite early, leaving the two of us alone with our drunken thoughts. Surprisingly, this was not something that happened too often. It was here on the balcony of our room that the subject of Jason came up mid-conversation.

"You know, it's weird" Lee said.

"It is?" I asked.

"Yeah."

"What is?"

"When we were younger" she started to say "You were around a lot and Jason was just a kid. Now you're both kinda grown up and, it's weird how things are between you now."

"And how are things between us?" I asked.

"Well, he's crazy about you" she said "More so since you kissed him last summer. And now he knows that you know it, I think he's basically just waiting for your word."

"You know I can't" I said "I mean, not for any other reason but that he's only fifteen."

"Right" she said "But what you just said, basically, is that if he were older you would consider it. Which more or less means he does have your word."

"Sort of" I said "But he already knows all this, because I've told him."

"I think there might be a way to make this simple" Lee said, putting her drink down and moving closer to me "Yes or no, do you like Jason?"

"If he were older..." I started to say, before Lee interrupted me.

"Forget that. Regardless of all that, yes or no, do you like Jason?"

"Yes" I said it without evening thinking. It was as if I were realising it the moment the word passed my lips, but at the same time it felt liberating to get it off my chest.

"Yes" I repeated "God, I do. And I know it might sound crazy but, no one else has ever shown me love the way he has. The way he looks at me, the way he hangs on my every word when I speak. My every being fills his heart, and any heart that's big enough to fit all that must be worth it."

"Yep" Lee said, with a grin on her face "That confirms it. You just slipped metaphorical hearts into casual conversation. I knew you liked him, I just wanted to hear it from you."

"So you're not mad?" I asked.

"Hell no" she said "Fuck, I want what's best for my brother. And that's you babe. Just fyi though, once you too start getting physical in the bedroom you'll probably have to piss on him."

"What?" I whispered, as I slowly began to wonder if Lee had fully understood what she just said.

"The kid's not very careful about hiding what he does in his bedroom" she said "I walked on him once and he was getting himself off to a video of some chick wetting off a boat. Plus, before he figured out how to delete his search history, the letter 'p' on Google search came up with every variation of pee or piss you can think of. He's got some kind of fetish for it."

"I know" I said, as I prepared to talk about the other thing that I had been wanting to get off my chest for a long time "I found his USB stick with all his pictures on it. He took a screenshot of every status of mine where I said I had to pee."

"Little fucker" Lee said "I wish you'd told me that, that's creepy as fuck. Don't you think that's just weird?"

"I guess" I said, which even then I was still unsure of "But, I mean, he's a teenager, he'll get over that. Plus, if that's what he's into, then so be it."

"When did you find that out?" she asked.

"That day we did the pee holding contest"

"Oh shit, that was my idea. I bet he just loved that."

"I sent him a picture of my wet patch after you left."

"You absolute fucking tease!"

"I let him watch me pee at Vicky's party last year as well."

"Well" she said, sipping on her drink "At least you seem to be playing the game right."

"I could probably get into it" I said "If that was what he wanted to do."

Lee put her drink down again, and held my hand gently.

"I know it hasn't technically happened yet, but..." she said "I'm so happy that my little brother and my best friend, two people I love very much, are destined to be together. It's so beautiful."

She hugged me, and I hugged her back tightly. When I let go of her, I saw that she had tears in her eyes.

"Would you still be saying this if you weren't drunk?" I asked.

"Fuck knows."

And that was it. I had confessed my feelings for Jason to Lee, and more importantly, to myself. I guess I just had to wait for the perfect time to confess them to Jason himself.

*027*2016-01-07 18:35

Chapter 7 is here and I have to warn you, there's some fairly graphic sexual content in this one so if you're not into that I strongly advise giving this chapter a miss (hopefully that doesn't give too much away ). Hope you enjoy.

Chapter 7: The Bathroom Floor

September came and we were back at college for our second year. I knew the coming months were going to be crucial, and my education was only a small part of that. Yes, this would be the year I would have to decide what I wanted to do next. I knew that I wanted to go to University, and I was gonna have to really study hard in order to achieve that, but unfortunately that was not my priority. It should have been, and indeed I did spend any spare moment that I had doing college work, but all the while I was thinking about Jason and how very soon he would be turning sixteen.

Opening up about my feelings somehow made them amplify, and no matter how much I tried to tell myself it was wrong, I thought about him every day and every night, and every time I did my stomach did an excited kind of jump, the kind of excited jump I imagine you would get if you went skydiving. The only thing I could do was focus on him turning sixteen. That would make things ok, and the possibility that something might blossom between us would no longer be out of the question.

Lee was a massive help. Her grandparents bought her a car for her eighteenth birthday, and shortly after that she passed her driving test. The whole world suddenly seemed like an un-discovered land just waiting to be discovered, and we started going places we'd never been just for the fun of it. We were even talking about a road trip. But more importantly, Lee was not only ok with the idea of me and Jason getting together, she seemed absolutely determined to make it happen.

Wherever we went, Jason would come with us. Often we would go out for lunch, or go shopping and it was not uncommon for Lee to disappear off on her own leaving the two of us alone. Neither of us were complaining about this, of course. It was almost like we already dating, the frustrating part being that couldn't actually do anything.

Then it happened. The following April, Jason turned sixteen. At first, it seemed eerie that his birthday came and went with little to no celebration. I wished him a happy birthday, of course, and when I saw Lee at college that morning we had an excited little sing and dance about it. But there was no talk of going out anywhere to celebrate, I didn't even get to see him. It wasn't until she dropped me off at home after college on the Friday of that week that she brought the subject up.

"Oh by the way" she said, just as I was getting out of her car "Do you wanna come over Vicky's tomorrow night?"

"She having another party?" I asked.

"Just a little get together for J's sixteenth."

I knew Lee too well to not know what she was doing. She had planned this whole thing, and I knew for a fact that this was less about Jason's birthday and more about me and him getting together. I had no problem with this plan whatsoever.

"Oh right" I said "Of course then. Sixteen's a big one."

"Well, that's for you to find out eh?" she said, winking.

"Like you would know what a big one looks like."

"Hey, just because I'm not partial to male anatomy doesn't mean I don't posses knowledge of it."

"Ok" I said "Now you've made me think about your brother's penis, I'm going inside and I will see you tomorrow."

I lay in bed that night thinking with pride about how far we had come. I thought about those two little girls who met in Primary school and the blonde girl's annoying little brother. I thought about everything those two little girls had gone through together. They were the most popular girls in their year, they had their own gang. And then they moved up into Secondary school, where their popularity declined. But they stuck together. That was, until, they shared the same first boyfriend. Then they fell out and didn't speak to each other for months. But once they both realised how bad said boy was, they rekindled their friendship, and vowed that nothing would break them ever again.

And here they were; the blonde girl, now eighteen, was an out Lesbian and her best friend, now seventeen, was about to start a romantic relationship with the formerly-annoying and currently-charming little brother, now sixteen.

I fell asleep thinking longingly of the next day. I was woken, as I often was, by the sunlight shining through the thin curtains (I've no idea why I never replaced those bloody curtains). I started getting ready earlier than I needed to as I got bored of sitting around waiting for the evening to come. My parents fed me a huge meal as they insisted that I needed to line my stomach if I was gonna be getting drunk again. I'm not sure if I should be glad that my parents were so thoughtful, or worried that they were so ok with my underage drinking.

Anyway, finally Lee pulled up outside my house with Jason in the front passenger seat. I hopped in the back. With Lee behind the wheel, it was Jason and me drinking the beer Vicky had left us this time. We pulled up outside Vicky's house and predictably a full scale party was going on already.

"Surprise" Lee said, as we got out of the car.

"Actually, it's not" I said "I knew you were planning something like this."

"Ah, well" she said "I should have known you'd have me figured out."

"Not that I don't...I mean, Jason doesn't appreciate it, right J?"

"Wow Val, you actually planned all this for me?" he said "I'm impressed."

"Now come on" Lee said "Give your sister a kiss and say thank you."

"Val...please" he said.

"Come one, I'm your sister and you love me" she said, leaning forward.

Begrudgingly, Jason kissed Lee on the cheek, and I couldn't help but fall in love with him as he did it.

"Right" Lee said "Let's go and find the other sister and you can do the same to her. We'll get some drinks while we're inside, Vodka and Red Bull is it Sian?"

"Please" I said, as she dragged Jason into the house, and I resumed my position on what was now basically our bench. I already needed to pee at this point. Jason returned a little while later with drinks for both of us.

"Well, that's it" he said, handing me my drink "I've now kissed two girls at this party, neither of which are the one I wanted to kiss tonight."

"Well" I said, holding my drink up "Let's get a few of these down us and we'll see how it goes."

"How did you know I meant you?" he asked.

"Because, I'm irresistible and you know it!"

The next few hours need little explanation, Lee left us alone to get drunk together, all the while she was getting rather intoxicated herself. We laughed, we talked, my need to pee got stronger and stronger as I willed myself to hold on, and as we got more alcohol inside us the conversations began to get a little bit more personal.

"I remember a baking hot summers day two years ago" I said "You remember the one?"

"Where you and Valerie wet yourselves?" he asked.

"That's the one" I said "And, as I understand it, that's what turns you on, isn't it?"

"Well..." Jason said, as his face started to turn red "it's like, I dunno, I'm into lots of things..."

"And peeing is one of them" I said "I know J, you don't have to pretend, and you don't have to be ashamed. I know all about your fetish, I've read up on it and I know how common it is."

There was a pause, during which the colour of Jason's face returned to normal. He took a deep breath in and closed his eyes, as if memorizing the script he had written a long time ago in case he were ever faced with having to admit this to someone.

"It started when I was young" he said "I was about six years old and I was in school. A girl in my class wet herself during a morning assembly. She had been asking the teacher all morning if she could go, but the teacher kept telling her no. She kept fidgeting, and holding onto herself, trying to hold it in. And then we all stood up to sing a hymn and she suddenly stopped, and there was a puddle on the floor around her. I was too young, obviously, to comprehend the idea of sexual pleasures, but it was the first time I had ever thought about what a girl's body parts might be like, or how they might work. That thought stayed with me my whole life.

And then the teenage years hit me and suddenly I began to associate that memory with my own sexual desires. And that's when I discovered that the internet was full of pictures and videos and stories, all about girls peeing or wetting themselves. And then, of course, there was you. I felt like I had struck gold when I discovered that my sister happened to make friends with a girl who was never shy about her own bladder, always announcing out loud whenever she had to pee and was never ashamed to just drop down and pee wherever she could. My love for you and my fetish, however strange it might be, are tied together."

I took his hand and held it gently with both of mine. I could see in his eyes that he was holding back tears.

"Wow" he said "Sorry. Didn't mean to unload several year's worth of un-told feelings on you."

"I'm glad you did" I said "I've known for years, I found all the pictures of me that you saved. And I'll admit, it was weird to see. I thought maybe you were disturbed. But that all changed. Because you are a the sweetest and kindest boy I have ever known. So, who cares if you wanna watch me pee? If you think it's sexy then fuck it, it must be sexy."

He laughed as he gave a sigh of relief. If I were to put a finger on the moment our relationship began, it was that moment. And it was in that same moment that an idea popped into my head. An idea that had been poking around in my brain for a while but had come back when it sensed the presence of alcohol.

"We should try something" I said.

"Like what?" he asked.

"I don't know, I don't really know how these things work. All I know is that I really have to pee and I don't wanna waste it. Come on"

I grabbed his hand as we went inside the house. Lee was stumbling towards us in the hallway.

"Babe" she said as she put her arms around me "I just made out with some girl in the kitchen. I think I'm in love."

"That's wonderful" I said, pushing her away "But J and me are going upstairs."

Her eyes became wide and so did her smile. She had her arms around me again, before quickly letting go.

"I should let you two get on" she said "J, check your back pocket I put something in there for you."

I looked over at Jason who was reaching round to his back pocket. He and Lee shared a silent exchange in which he acknowledged whatever it was and silently thanked her.

We ran upstairs into the bathroom (which was free, for a change) and locked the door behind us.

Knowing that something like this was going to happen I had dressed for the occasion and worn jeans, which were quite tight and were pressing on my very full bladder. I had also worn flats with no socks just in case my feet ended up getting wet. You can't say I wasn't prepared.

"So what do you want me to do?" I asked "We're alone, I'm desperate, what's it gonna be? I can wet myself if you want, I feel like I'm about to anyway."

"Well, I need to pee as well" he said "So, maybe we can pee together? Like, at the same time?"

I could tell he was trying to sound confident but was trying to awkwardly hide his nervousness. I looked at the crotch of his jeans and could see that he was hard.

"Like, what?" I asked "In the bath? It'll probably be the easiest way."

"I was more thinking..." he started to say "Like, maybe, erm...you sit down on the toilet and pee. And I pee between your legs."

I admired his bravery. I felt like this was the thing he had been fantasizing about for years.

"How's your aim?" I asked.

"Average" he said.

"How about when you're hard?"

"Less than average."

"Ok" I said "Well, let's hurry up try it otherwise it's all gonna run down my legs and it'll be too late."

I pulled my jeans and knickers down and sat on the toilet seat. I did not feel even slightly embarrassed about Jason seeing me naked from the waist dowm. Jason nervously undid his belt, un-buttoned his jeans and pulled his fly down while stood in front of me. I could tell he was nervous as his hands were shaking. It was frustrating having to wait for him as I was sat on the toilet ready to pee, my bladder fit to burst, but I was not allowed to go yet.

"Promise you won't judge me" he said.

"I'm not gonna fucking judge you" I said "Just hurry up, I'm bursting!"

And with that, he reached inside his boxers and pulled his penis out. It was semi-hard and I knew and I could tell it was taking all his will-power to not get fully erect.

"So, do we start at the same time?" I asked.

"I guess so" he said "maybe it's better if you start, you're better at peeing in front of other people."

And so I did, I let go and at first it felt wonderful, but I could see that he was not peeing.

"Stop" he said, after just a few seconds "I can't go."

I tried to stop the flow, but I couldn't. I managed to slow it down, but it was still trickling out.

"J, I can't stop" I said "How about, I close my eyes, and you close yours. Just listen to the sound of my pee and you should be able to let go."

And with that, we carried on. Ultimately, it was a bit of a disaster. We both let go with an almighty force, and I think at one point our streams crossed, but mostly Jason couldn't actually see what he was doing and ended up peeing all over me. Probably not quite how he had always imagined it, but at least we had tried it.

By the time we had both finished and got over the shock of what we had just done, we had a little laugh about it. I definitely felt excited, ready to try out other ways of peeing together. I was beginning to see why Jason was so into it.

"By the way" I said "What was it that Lee put in your back pocket?"

Without speaking, Jason reached into the pocket and pulled out a clenched fist with the item inside it. He held it up in the air so I could see. It was a single wrapped condom. It was right there and then, on the floor of that locked bathroom, that we had sex for the first time.

Jason was really good considering it was his first time. His stamina was incredible but he was also passionate. We ignored every single knock on the door, every yell from outside. Everything that mattered in that moment was happening right here inside this room. Our lives became one long story. It started with those two little girls and the blonde girl's annoying little brother, and here they were in the climax. But it was not the end of the story, but the beginning of another chapter.

*030*2016-01-09 19:19

Chapter 8, the third and final chapter of this story, is done and ready to go. Thanks so much to those who have left feedback, I have really enjoyed writing this story and working with these characters. I'm going to miss them very much. Here we go then, Chapter 8.

Chapter 8: Trust Your Senses

In many ways my relationship with Jason was badly timed. It was, unfortunately, always going to be that way, he happened to be the right age just as I was preparing to go off to University, where our relationship would become long-distance. The few months that we did have together were some of the happiest of my life. To be in a relationship with someone who made me feel good about myself was a new experience, as was being in a relationship that didn't cause a rift between me and my most treasured friend. It all felt new and exciting, but at the same time felt entirely right, as if we had both known for a long time that we were meant to be together.

My first year of university was exactly as you would expect it to have been, the distance between Jason and me did make things difficult, and I missed both him and Lee very much, but we stayed in contact with each other and made it work. Lee herself had managed to get into her university of choice, and Jason was now at the same college that Lee and me had studied at. But the next significant chapter of the story occurred much later; the summer after my first year.

Jason and me were sat in the back of Lee's car as she was driving. In the back were some very basic camping supplies.

"So, we're still agreed that this is a crazy idea, right?" I said.

"Well, yeah" Lee said "But we used to do crazy spontaneous stuff all the time."

"True" I said "Never quite this crazy. I mean, do any of us even know how to put up a tent?"

"That's all part of the fun of it" she said.

"Ok" I said "And what about the fact that we have no idea where we're going, whether we're allowed to camp there when we find it, or whether or not it's safe?"

"See above comment" she said.

"Well, if we do run into any trouble, we've got a big manly man to look after us" Jason said "And by that I mean Val."

"You're a big manly man" I said "Well, you're more of a man than I am at least."

"Thanks" Jason said "Makes me feel nice and secure."

"I think she might have been talking about your cock, J" Lee suddenly said from the front.

"You know, for someone who's supposed to be gay you seem to talk about cock more than the average straight woman!" Jason said.

"I've noticed that" I said "And you seem to be more interested in our sex life than we are!"

It took me a moment to realise the implications of what I had just said. Lee, having no shame, laughed hysterically. Jason gave me the most insulted look I had ever seen, and I just sat that turning red and wishing I could float away into nothingness.

The conversation remained dead for a few minutes while the stench of my offensive comment hung in the air. Lee broke the silence as if the comment had never happened.

"Well, I'm just glad you two have got your own tent" she said "I don't wanna be kept up all night by you guys fucking or whatever it is you get up to!"

"Well that settles it" I said, trying to break the awkwardness "We'll just have to be as loud as possible!"

"Deal" Jason said, forcing a smile and kissing me.

After that the conversation seemed to return to normal for a while. After driving for about two hours, Lee stopped the car in a lay-by next to a woodland area.

"How about we check this place out?" she said.

"I mean, I don't really know what we're looking for" I said.

"Somewhere to camp" she said, as if I were supposed to know what made a good campsite.

We all got out of the car, walked through a gap in the trees. For as much as my opinion counted, it didn't look like the kind of place I would like to camp. It was very dark and claustrophobic, I wasn't sure there was even room to put a tent up anywhere. There was very little flat ground, and very little ground that wasn't already occupied by some kind of foliage.

Lee seemed to be investigating the space thoroughly, as if she had somehow gained girl-scout training from somewhere. Me and Jason had both made up our minds but continued to look around for her sake.

"Nah" Lee said "Too small. We need somewhere more open."

"Yep" Jason and me both said at the same time.

"Ah well" Lee said "While we're here, we might as well have a piss break."

"Good point actually" I said "I need to go."

We didn't bother to venture any further into the woods, we figured where we were was as good a place as any. We were both wearing similar outfits, Lee had her famous black T-shirt and denim shorts combination, with walking boots and thick socks. My outfit was basically the same but for a white t-shirt. We were starting to undo our shorts when I noticed that Jason was not doing the same.

"Do you not have to pee Jason?" I asked.

"No" he said "I just wanna watch."

"Oh yeah" Lee said, as she was pulling her shorts down and squatting on the ground "I forgot you were into that. Well, watch her, not me, 'cause I'm your sister and that's just gross."

I also pulled down my shorts and squatted down next to her. As Jason stood there just a few feet in front of us watching us pee I wondered how many times in his life he had seen his sister peeing and whether or not he found that a little bit sexy. I hoped not, but thinking about it from his point of view, I imagined it was quite hard not to get turned on by what was happening in front of him. Knowing how much he loved the sound of pee hitting the ground, to have two girls making that same sound right next to each other must have been doubly as stimulating.

It had never occurred to me before that moment how much power my bladder had over him. He was never so mesmerised as he was when I peed in front of him. I could get him to do most anything I wanted with the promise of getting to see me pee. I had wet myself, peed in front of him, even peed on him so many times since we'd been together, because it was a bigger incentive than sex was. I had never thought of this is a problem until then.

"Sian?" Lee said "Looks like you're done."

My mind had wondered so much that I hadn't noticed I had stopped peeing, and that Lee had already pulled her shorts back up.

"Oh yeah" I said, following suit "Sorry, I was miles away."

"That was hot" Jason said "Thank you."

"That's alright" I said, kissing him reassuringly.

We headed back to the car and drove for another hour before we found the perfect (according to Lee) spot. Turns out putting the tents up was not that complicated. We actually had a really nice evening, we took a walk into the nearest town and found a supermarket where we bought loads of ready-to-eat food (and plenty of alcohol). We found a spot away from the tents where we lit a fire (we weren't sure if that was allowed or not but no one ever came to challenge us), and as cheesy as it might sound we sat and sang songs all evening. It might have been better if one of us could play guitar or something (Jason owned one but never bothered to learn it properly), but we had consumed just enough booze for it to be entertaining.

The bathroom was basically wherever we decided to pee, which was normally just wherever we happened to be at the time. This was Jason's idea of a perfect party. We did, however, dig a pit in case any of us needed to do something other than pee, but we ended up not using it as that was way too far out of our comfort zones.

It was about three o'clock before we all got too tired to try and stay awake any more, and we retreated to our tents; Lee in her little tent, and us in ours. Turns out the sex we jokingly said we would have was just a joke after all as Jason fell asleep straight away, and I was left to lay awake for a while thinking about the foundations of our relationship.

I did drift off to sleep eventually, but woke up as soon as the sun started to come up (just like at home) and realised when I woke that I really badly had to pee. Thinking I might be able to pee without an audience for once, I got up as quietly as I could. I noticed Jason stirring as I zipped the tent back up. Instead of going just outside the tent I decided to go deeper into the woods and find a private spot, hoping that Jason wouldn't follow.

I walked for a couple of minutes and looked around, hoping to find a gap between some trees or something. After much debate, I decided where I was stood would have to do. Just as I had squatted down and was ready to let go, I heard shuffling shortly followed by a voice.

"Sian?"

It was Jason. He caught me with my pants down in the middle of the woods. And that's how it felt, no matter how many times we had peed in front of each other, this was one time I just wanted to do it by myself. So I pulled my pants back up. I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction.

"Oh no" he said "Did I miss it?"

"No" I said, honestly "I wanted to do it alone actually, without anyone watching."

"And what would be the point of that?" he said, as he moved towards a tree and started undoing his shorts "That would be a waste, as you yourself once put it."

He started to pee, which made holding on all that much harder. I didn't quite know what to say, and I wanted him to finish peeing before I spoke to him.

"I just feel like it should be something people do in private" I said "At least, that's what I felt before I found out your oh-so innocent secret."

"But things have changed" he said "I mean, at least it seems like they have."

"Jason, please" I said "I really have to go and I would appreciate it if you just left."

"The longer we keep talking, the more likely it is that you'll wet yourself" he said "And I have no problem with that."

"Well, what if I have a fucking problem?" I said, ready to un-load all my un-spoken problems on him "That's what this is all about, isn't it? Our whole relationship is built on this little obsession you had when you were a hormonal little boy."

"That's not true!"

"Well that's how it feels to me. I feel that if you really cared about me, you would care less about me fulfilling your insane little fantasies and more about what I actually want!"

"Is this about sex? Because there's more to our relationship than just sex."

"Believe me, I did notice that. Most of our nights together involve me having to change my clothes because one of us has got piss all over them! You know when I first found out about your fetish I thought it was creepy. I felt dirty, like I was just a character in some fetish fiction you'd written. But then you charmed me, made me feel special, made me feel like it was me you were in love with and not my fucking bladder. But your motives never changed, did they? All these years later and you're still the same teenage boy with an erection that you always were."

"Look" he said, grabbing my hand "You're older than I am, you've had more of a life than I have. And in case you haven't noticed, I am still a teenager. Things can change between us, I know how amazing a woman you are and I know that I can be more for you would just give me time to figure things out for myself."

The message I wanted to convey was not coming across and I was going to have to just outright say it.

"It's not gonna work Jason" I said, pulling my hand away "I'm sorry. And I'm really sorry about the little outburst just then, I had a lot of stuff on my mind that I wanted to say. But, to tell you the truth, the whole year I was away I just got used to not seeing you. It got easier. And I thought that when I saw you again everything would come rushing back, but the truth is that I think maybe we were both too young and too easily manipulated to start dating. And now that I'm older I'm beginning to see that all the reservations I had about dating you were true. I allowed myself to be charmed by you, I made myself interested in your fetishes. And if that's all our relationship is then, I'm sorry, but it's not enough for me."

Part of me knew this was supposed to be a big moment, and although I was relieved to get this all off my chest there was another kind of relief that I craved more urgently.

Although I wanted closure I also wanted him to hurry up and leave. If I wet myself in front of him now that would go entirely against my reasons for wanting to break up.

"I get it" he said "Really, I do. And I don't know if I will ever stop loving you but, if you feel like you're being held back then I don't want to be the one that's doing that. It's just important to me that you have a happy life."

"Thanks, J" I said, stroking his arm affectionately the way I did when we were much younger. We hugged each other tightly which put pressure on my bladder.

"Now, I'm gonna go back so you can pee in peace" he said.

"Thanks" I said.

He disappeared back to the tent and I resumed my position on the ground with my shorts down. It was the first pee I had really enjoyed for a long time. I was enjoying it for the right reasons, because I was doing it for my own sake and not someone else's. I was about to start living for myself and I couldn't wait.

