Desperate delegates

Author: despratechick

*000*2016-10-06 04:06

(I would just like to say this is my first post so go easy on me :)

Abby woke up early in the morning excited to go to her job at the UN. She stopped of at the train station and ordered are large cup of tea before carrying on with her day. She rushed to work because of her big meeting in the morning. When Abby got to the conference room it was very hot, she pulled off her blazer reveling a sheer button up, Its matched her black pencil skirt. Noticing the water Abby drank multiple cups. Towards the middle of the meeting she started to notice an apparent need to pee. She wiggled around in her chair as people stood up and spoke.

To Abby's horror the need worsened rapidly. She had to speak, 2 more people spoke before the chair called Abby up. She crossed her legs blushing as she quickly read her speech. It seemed to take forever but she finally finished. As she sat down she took the time to hold herself. Abby couldn't stay still bouncing up and down, rocking back and forth. All of a sudden she felt a spurt come out. Panic rose over Abby she squeezed her crotch. Looking at the clock she had 5 minuets left. Counting down the minuets she was so close. 1 minuet away and all of a sudden a jet of pee escaped.

Abby gasped and quickly got herself under control. 3,2,1 Abby ran out to the ladies room she rushed in, To her despair all the stalls were occupied. Standing their dancing from foot to foot she waited , finally a stall opened and Abby rushed in this caused her to start peeing. Immediately she pulled aside her panties and peed a good 3 minuets. She sighed with relief and left the room with a smile. During lunch she drank a vitamin water and then back to the meeting she went. Without thinking Abby drank more water. This time things went wrong. The liquid went strait to her bladder. Abby sat on her heel digging it into her crotch cursing under her breath. Small drops were leaking out by the second.

She held herself and rocked back in forth. The meeting was thankfully adjourned early and Abby ran out. A very long line was formed outside the ladies room, Abby couldn't take it. She ran into the train station not hiding her desperation. She was hoping up and down squeezing her crotch and crossing her legs. As abby was in the elevator something happened that made abby's heart skip a beat, The elevator stopped. Abby's eyes widened, "No no no no, this cannot be happening" she said to herself. Abby danced around when the dam started to break lose. first in a few trickles her pee ran out. It started to flow down coming out faster and faster Abby screamed and lifted her skirt pee poured out of her for what seemed like forever. She then sunk to the floor, he skirt hoisted above her waist and cried Sitting in her own puddle of pee.

