Alice's Desperate School day - Page 2

Author: RedFish3000

*027*2018-03-25 05:26

Hi everyone. Sorry I haven't continued in a while. My computer stopped working, so I was unable to continue the story. Fortunately, I recently had it fixed, so I'll be able to write the next chapter soon. Thanks for all the support!

*028*2018-04-09 06:13

Here's chapter 5. Sorry it took me so long.

After what seemed like an eternity to Alice, Tommy finally came out of the boys' bathroom. By this point, she was constantly crossing her legs and squirming. She really wanted to hide her desperation, but at this point, she couldn't help it. She had been holding her full bladder for hours, and it was getting harder every minute.

"Hey, Alice, are you sure you don't want to use the girls' bathroom? You look like you really need to." Said Tommy, worried about his friend.

"I'll be ok." said Alice, trying to hide the desperation from her voice. "I'm 17, of course I can wait for a while." She responded, trying to sound as convincing as she can. However, her tightly crossed legs and constant fidgeting were making it clear that she was not ok. Still, Tommy decided to not discuss the topic anymore.

As Alex, Alice and Tommy sat down to talk, Alice could feel the pressure in her bladder getting worse and worse. She tried to ignore it and talk with her friends, but she could barely concentrate on the conversation at this point. Her bladder was constantly distracting her, reminding her of how bad she needed relief. However, Alice wasn't the only one who was getting distracted from the conversation.

Alex was paying less attention on what Tommy what saying, as Alice's desperation was getting his attention. The way she crossed her legs, and uncrossed them only to cross them again the other way, the way Alice was squirming in desperation, the way she was trying so hard to ignore her bladder begging for relief. Alex was starting to get turned on by Alice's intense desperation. Still, he did his best to watch subtly, and not let Alice know he's enjoying this.

Tommy, however, notices that neither of his friends are paying attention to him, and decides to start drawing.

Alice continues squirming in desperation, trying her best to control herself. Recess was almost over. If she could stand that and two more periods of class, she'd be fine. The problem was, Alice wasn't sure she'd be able to hold it that long. She is already dying to pee. Her bladder was already bulging a bit, even though she was using her tight pants. Those pants were definitely making the pressure in her bladder much worse. "Why did I have to choose these pants today out of all days?"

After a while, the bell rang again.

"Well, time to go to Science class!" said Tommy. Blast was still subtly enjoying Alice's desperation, while she was trying her hardest to keep control of herself. This was already very painful, and there were still two more periods before the school day was finished. Alice was starting to worry. What is she couldn't wait until the school day was over? Alice walked to the classroom, while doing a not-very-subtle pee dance. She really wanted to put a hand between her legs to help herself hold it, but she refrained herself from doing that. If she used her hand, anyone who hadn't noticed Alice's predicament would surely notice it.

Alice looks at the clock as she gets to the classroom. 1:01 pm. "I've gotta pee so bad now..." she thought, as she tried to walk to her seat without putting on a show to all her classmates. Even though science was one of her favorite classes, not even that was making her feel better. She wanted to cry. She wanted relief.

So, I'm back to writing this story! Thank you all for your support and your patience. It really motivates me to continue the story. Have a great day/night!

*034*2018-04-17 05:43

Chapter 6:

The science teacher walked into the classroom. She was a brunette in her late thirties. She was also Alice's favorite teacher, not only because science is her favorite class, but also because she usually gets along with her very well.

However, none of this could keep Alice's mind off her overfilled bladder. She squirmed, she fidgeted, she double-crossed her legs, she did everything she could to keep control. She was sweating a lot. However, she was starting to notice that she wasn't the only one sweating.

Usually, the classrooms at this school would have air conditioners to keep the classrooms cool. However, the air conditioner in this particular classroom had stopped working a few days ago, and hadn't been fixed yet, so the classroom would get really hot near noon.

The students, knowing that this classroom would get so hot, would bring water bottles to drink in order to keep themselves hydrated. Alice had brought a water bottle too, but with her current predicament, she didn't want to drink anything. She knew that drinking more liquid would only make the situation much worse for her.

However, most of Alice's classmates were already drinking from their water bottles. Even the teacher herself was drinking from her own water bottle. The sight and sound of water all around the classroom was making Alice feel much worse. She had her legs double-crossed by now, and was squirming a lot in her seat, but still wouldn't dare to put a hand down at her crotch.

"Good afternoon, class." Said the science teacher. She started explaining the topic of today's class, but Alice couldn't even pay attention to what the teacher was saying. Her attention was all focused on her tortured bladder.

"Come on Alice, control yourself. You're 17, wetting yourself is not an option. You have to hold it until you're back home." She thought to herself. As much as she tried to convince herself that she would wait until she was back home, Alice was worried that she wouldn't make it to her house before she reached her limits.

Alex, who was right next to Alice, watched her as she desperately tried to hold in the ocean of hot liquid inside her. He was getting pretty turned on, but still tried to keep his enjoyment as subtle as possible.

"Alright class, answer the questions on pages 166 and 167." said the science teacher, who was starting to fidget a bit. The water she had been drinking was reaching her bladder as well. "I'll be back in a couple of minutes. Alice, you're in charge until I return." The science teacher leaves the classroom, obviously to use the bathroom.

Seeing her teacher rush to the bathroom made Alice even more aware of her own situation. Alice could only imagine the huge relief of finally letting go after holding her pee for so long. But those thoughts weren't helping. The pressure on her bladder was almost unbearable. Never before in her life had she been so desperate to pee.

"You look a bit thirsty, Alice." said Alex. "Now that I think of it, I haven't seen you drink any water. Did you forget your water bottle?" Alex obviously knew the reason why Alice wasn't drinking any water, but still wanted to see Alice's reaction to the question.

Alice was annoyed by Alex's question. To be honest, Alice thought of Alex as a good friend, but she believed he was pretty annoying sometimes. And this was one of those times for her. "I'm not in the mood for this, Alex. You already know what I'm dealing with." Alice was usually more patient with Alex, but this time she just wanted to be left alone.

Alex smiled as Alice squirmed some more in her seat. "Oops, sorry. I forgot." Of course, this was far from the truth. Alex had been enjoying every second of Alice's predicament. Alice just rolled her eyes, annoyed, before uncrossing her legs and crossing them the other way.

After a while, the science teacher came back. "I'm back. Sorry I had to leave so abruptly." The difference was notable. She had left the classroom fidgeting and tense, but now was much more relaxed and relieved.

Alice continued to struggle holding in her pee, hoping for the class to end soon. Then she would only have to hold on for one more period, and she'd go home. The pressure on her bursting bladder was getting worse by the minute. Finally, she couldn't help it anymore. She slowly put her left hand between her legs, pressing against her crotch. This eased the pressure a bit, but she was still suffering a lot fighting the waves of desperation.

At last, the bell rang. The science class had finally finished. Now there was just one more period left. Alice was both relieved and worried. She was relieved that she had managed to hold in her pee, but was worried about the next period. She was getting closer and closer to her limits. She wasn't sure she'd be able to hold on for another period. Her bladder was hurting so much, and she knew it would only get worse.

"Ow... I'm dying here." thought Alice to herself. She had held her pee many times before, but never for so long. However, she tried to convince herself that she could do it. "Pull yourself together Alice. You've made it this far. Just hold it one more period, and soon you'll be peeing freely in your own bathroom." She found enough inner strength to continue. However, she regretted thinking of that last part. The thought of finally letting go of the ocean inside her tortured bladder wasn't making things easier for her.

"Just one more period Alice... just one more."

*040*2018-05-05 05:08

Sorry for the long wait guys.

Chapter 7:

Alice couldn't stay still. She squirmed in her seat, while keeping her left hand pressed between her legs. All that was left between her and her bathroom at home was one more period of class. Unfortunately for her, the last class of the day would be history. To be honest, she didn't dislike the subject itself. It was just the teacher she never really got along with.

The history teacher would be very strict with his class, and would be really perfectionist with his students. He was the only teacher with who there would never be any "buts" or "ifs". Between the students, the history teacher had the reputation of being the toughest teacher in the school to get along with. Not to mention, he was probably one of the most boring teachers when it came to his class. Alice wasn't in the mood for any of this, but at this point, she didn't care anymore. All she wanted is to be back home and release the ocean of hot yellow liquid inside her.

The history teacher walked into the classroom, and the class began. At this point, all of Alice's concentration was on her bursting bladder, so she really couldn't pay attention to anything in class. At her side, Alex wasn't paying any attention either, distracted watching Alice suffer and squirm in desperation. By now this was really painful for Alice, and her tight pants were only making matters much worse for her.

Later the history teacher told the students to open their books and read a certain page to later answer some questions. Alice tried to read the book, but she couldn't even pay any attention to what she was reading. Her dire situation was taking up all her concentration. Alex, who by this point hadn't stopped looking at Alice twist around and squirm, was noticed by the teacher, who immediately told him to read the book and do his work. This made Alex react and start working.

Alice was still struggling to read the book, but then decided to see the questions. If she knew what answers she was looking for, maybe she'd be able to focus on her reading. But just when she was finally being able to concentrate a bit on her work, just when she thought she finally had regained enough control, she felt a few drops of pee escape her bladder. Alice started panicking. She had leaked. Did this mean she was going to lose control? Was she really going to wet herself in the classroom?

Fortunately, after leaking for a couple of seconds, Alice managed to prevent any more liquid from escaping her bladder. "No, I can't wet myself." Thought Alice to herself. "I just can't wet myself. Everyone in the classroom would know about it, and they'd never let me forget it until my graduation." After being so close to losing control, the school bathroom was seeming more tempting then before. Alice was starting to ask herself if she should ask to go to the bathroom.

Suddenly, someone else did the exact same thing. One of Alice's classmates, Diana, who was always with her cellphone, no matter what. She raised her hand and asked the teacher if she could go to the bathroom.

"I know that trick, Diana." Answered the teacher. "But I'm not letting you leave the classroom anymore." Students weren't allowed to use their cellphones in the classroom, so Diana had gotten used to asking to go to the bathroom just to use her cellphone there. Many teachers already knew she did this, so pretty much none of them believed her anymore.

"Please! It's really urgent!" Alice could see Diana squirming, with both hands jammed between her legs. Alice had the feeling that Diana was truely desperate this time, but the teacher still believed it was Diana's old trick again. Seeing Diana squirming like that was only making Alice feel even worse.

"Wow, you do seem pretty desperate." Says Alex to Diana.

"It was all that water during the science class." Says Diana. "Now I have to go really bad." Alice tries to keep herself from looking at Diana, knowing that looking at Diana will only make her own desperation worse. She starts working on the answers of the book. However, when Alice is about to finish, she hears something.

"No! It's... it's..." has lost control. A strong jet of pee comes out of her, soaking her skirt completely, and creating a large yellow puddle on the floor. After peeing for about thirty seconds, the jet of pee gradually stops. The classmates nearby look at her. "No! Don't look at me!" Diana cries, covering her face in embarassment. Alice feels bad for Diana, but watching that accident makes her realize that she is getting dangerously close to that fate as well. Alice is still squirming with one hand pressed between her legs, which are tightly crossed. She's shaking, she's struggling to stay under control.

"Everyone, do your work." The teacher says at the students who were staring at Diana. He gave Diana permission to leave the classroom. She was crying of embarassment. Alice was now more worried than ever about not being able to make it to her home dry. "Hm... maybe now that Diana suffered an accident, the teacher might allow us to use the restrooms so that doesn't happen again." Alice was seriously considering to use the school's bathrooms. She felt like she could lose it very soon. And she definitely didn't want to end up like Diana, so after thinking it out carefully, Alice finally raises her hand.

But at that moment, the bell rings. History class is over! The students run out of the classroom, feeling free. Alice, however, couldn't dare to run or do any sudden movements, or it would be all over for her. Slowly, she standed up. The pressure in her bladder was almost unbearable by now. She now had both hands pressing on her crotch, and slowly walked towards the bathrooms. At this point, she didn't care anymore about if school bathrooms were clean or not. If she didn't use the bathroom immediately, she would risk wetting herself. "Come on Alice... You can't lose it, not when you're so close..."

Alice slowly walked towards the girls' bathroom, while squirming like crazy, with both hands jammed between her legs, and biting her lip. To her dismay, there was a quite a line at the girls' bathroom. "Oh, come on!" thought Alice, as she started an obvious pee dance. Apparently, Diana wasn't the only one who had gotten desperate after drinking so much water during the science class. However, Alice was worried. Would she even be able to wait out such a long line? Should she just take the bus and go home? Was she going to have her first accident since elementary school? Alice's mind was full of questions and uncertainty, while her overfilled bladder continued to torture her.

*043*2018-05-07 05:04

Chapter 8: Final Chapter

Alice had to solve her dilemma. Would she stay and wait in line, or would she take the bus and go home? Alice decided to do some math. There was more than a dozen girls before Alice in line, and they were taking approximately 3 minutes each in the bathroom. This meant that she'd have to hold for more than 36 minutes if she was going to wait in line.

On the other hand, the bus would be leaving in five minutes, and from there, it would be a ten minute ride to get home. That meant that taking the bus, she'd only have to hold for approximately fifteen minutes. It was still a lot for Alice in her current condition, but it was her best option. After doing the calculations, she left the line for the bathroom, and exited the school. Her walk was stiff and slow, as she knew that any sudden movement could be the end for her.

"Come on Alice, you can't wet yourself. You can't! You're going to hold it for as long as you must!" Alice says to herself, while struggling to get to the bus on time. On the way, another few drops of pee escaped her bladder. Fortunately, her black pants would hide any wet spot, should she leak enough to make one. However, those tight pants were still torturing her bladder, just as they had done all day.

Finally, Alice reached the bus. She took her seat inside the bus, and hoped for the best. She squirmed in her seat, kept her legs crossed at tight as she could, and had both hands pressed against her crotch. Usually, Alice would never do all this, since she hated when others knew she had to pee. But the situation was so desperate, she didn't care anymore if anyone saw her like this. The only thing that mattered to her was to get to her toilet before wetting herself.

Everything was going according to Alice's calculations, until something happened. Something she hadn't counted on. There was lots of traffic, and the bus was moving much slower than usual. Alice got really nervous when she realized that ten minutes had passed, and the bus wasn't even half way to her house. Alice crossed her legs the other way, while she was starting to freak out. Her bladder was about to burst, and the bus would probably take longer than expected.

"No, I can't wet myself." thought Alice to herself. "I have to make it. I must!" Alice was shaking and squirming like crazy, while she was using every bit of willpower she had to fight the intense waves of desperation she was experiencing. Finally, the traffic started to move faster, and the bus was moving at it's normal speed again. Alice felt slightly relieved, at least as much as she could feel with her overfilled bladder screaming to release the ocean trapped inside it.

Alice continued to use all her will power and every bit of inner strength she had to keep her bladder under control, until the bus finally arrived. By now, everyone in the bus clearly knew what was going on with Alice, but she refused to care anymore. She entered her house as fast as she could, and rushed to the bathroom for her much needed relief.

However, she looked in horror when she saw the bathroom door locked. Her little brother Max was already inside. Alice knocked on the door, while doing the greatest pee dance she had ever done in her entire life.

"Max, could you please hurry up?" Alice asked, trying to sound calm, although her desperation was obvious in her voice. "I need to pee really bad."

"How come you always need to pee when you come back from school?" Max asks.

"This isn't like any day Max." Alice replied, while having her legs double-crossed, and both hands pressed against her crotch. "I'm bursting this time. Please hurry!"

Max enjoyed teasing his older sister, specially when it came to those moments when she was really desperate for the bathroom. So he decided to stay inside the bathroom a while longer, even if only to hear his sister desperate for a bit longer.

"Please Max!" Alice said. She started to feel her bladder muscles weakening and giving up. Alice was literally on the verge of wetting herself. However, Max decided to come out. He would usually stay inside for much longer just to bother Alice, but this time, he decided to play nice.

"Finally!" Alice rushed into the bathroom, closed the door behind her, and finally let it all out. Alice was peeing full force, while letting out a loud moan from the relief. It felt so wonderful to let go after holding on for so long. Alice felt so good, that she didn't even notice her loud moaning.

After 45 seconds peeing full force, Alice finally finished. Once she came out of the bathroom, Max looked at her. "You sure had to go, didn't you?" Alice was about to speak, but Max continued. "I heard you." Alice was embarassed. "I was holding my pee all day." Max knew it was Alice's habit of never using public restrooms that had gotten her into this predicament. Alice knew it too, but she also knew she' probably wouldn't get over it anytime soon. She'd just have to be sure to pee before school everyday. She was impressed she had actually held her pee all day. She never knew she could actually hold it that long. "Well, for someone like me, an iron bladder is pretty useful." Alice thought to herself, before going to her bedroom and falling asleep. All she wanted to do was to rest after everything she had been through today.

And that's all folks! Thank you all for your support. It gave me the motivation to continue the story until the end. I really hope you all enjoyed the story. I might write another one soon. Until then, have a great day/night!

