Alice has an accident in Wonderland

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-02-11 06:09

So this is to compensate since I won't be able to continue my main story for a while, I liked writing it so if it recieve positive review, I won't be opposed to continuing the story. One thing I'd like to apologize for in advance is if I have my wonderland terminology wrong, and the reason the red queen isn't ugly with a big head is because I don't want her like that so don't correct me on that.

“Can I please go pee?” I asked struggling against the binds around my arms and legs.

“Alice, just rest, you’re not well.” The nurse with red hair muttered irritated.

“Wonderland is real! I’m not making this up. Besides even if I was crazy, why is that a reason not to let me go pee?” I asked bitterly.

“Alice just rest.” She said as she started to leave the plain white room.

“Can you at least open the window?” I asked as she got to the door.

“They don’t open.” She practically growled as she walked out.

There I lay, on a gurney like bed in the middle of a white room in nothing but a hospital gown around my maturely developed nineteen year old body. Strapped into the gurney against my will with my black hair spread around my face inside the psychiatric ward all alone and considered a lunatic with urine beginning to fill my bladder. My royal blue eyes burned with tears as my attractive face scrunched up.

I tried to contain my breathing, but I was starting to get desperate, in the mental and psychical state. I whimpered slightly as I continued to struggle against my binds and then I heard a familiar whistle like sound. I turned to see violet smoke drifting between the shut window and the window sill. The smoke traveled onto my gurney and materialized into a cat, the chestier cat.

“Alice, it’s time to go back.” He said coolly as he sliced the restraints off of me with his claws and hopped onto the ground. “Follow me.” He said softly. I started after him as he evaporated back into his smoky state and drifted through the door gaps.

I opened the door, and followed his smoky trail through the hospital. All the doctors seemed to be absent as I made my way to the bottom floor in the almost eerie facility. I followed the cat to an elevator and called one up while his smoke billowed in place until the doors opened. He drifted in and I followed.

“Why are we going back?” I asked as I stared at the numbers above the door. I became aware of his solid state being restored and felt him brush against the side of my leg affectionately. I bent down and the gown brushed against the floor as I scratched behind his ear softly.

“You will see.” He said as the elevator stopped at the ground floor. He evaporated again and drifted out the front door and I followed him hurriedly.

“I suppose now would be a bad time to tell you I need to go to the bathroom.” I called after him as flew out side. I chased after him to find him materialized next to a rabbit hole.

“I suppose but perhaps you will find a place to relieve yourself in wonderland… but perhaps not. None the less Alice, why don’t you get rid of that silly gown.” He spoke with his usually rhythmically tone of voice.

“Ok.” I spoke hesitantly as I stripped off the gown into my birthday suit. I shivered slightly in the cool air as the chestier cat peered down the hole.

“Let us go.” He said and evaporated once again and billowed downwards.

I took a deep breath as I crouched down next to the hole and leaned forward until I fell. I loved the odd weightlessness as I fell down the dirt tunnel. I giggled slightly as I began to flip until I finally landed on the stained glass ballroom floor. I saw the cat crouching next to a bundle of clothes.

“Get dressed Alice, we have much to do here.” He said.

“Right.” I agreed as I put on bra and panties before slipping on my Iconic blue dress, which reached my upper thigh then put on black pantie hose before finally placing on black flats. “So where are we off too now?” I asked as we walked towards the table where I retrieved a vial of a magical liquid and a couple of crackers before wrapping them in a cloth.

“You will see Alice.” He laughed lightly and led me out of the room back into the outdoors of Wonderland. I looked around amazed at the amazing and logic defying scenery.

“I love it here.” I gushed.

“I know.” He said before evaporating again and leading me to an unknown location.

I followed with the best of my ability, but I felt my bladder situation rapidly getting worse and I shamefully shoved my hand into my crotch forcefully. I awkwardly followed the cat through the woods. I moaned softly and finally I found myself in an opening from the trees where a long table sat.

“Alice, welcome back.” A short man with a large green hat enthused.

“Hatter.” I greeted, with an awkward curtsey.

“You’re late. It’s time for tea.” The white rabbit complained.

I strolled over to him trying to hide my desperation while still pressing my thighs tightly together and kissed him on the cheek. Then took my spot at the table.

“You’re still late.” He muttered flustered. “But glad to see you here.” He muttered.

“I’m sorry.” I apologized sweetly as I grabbed a cup of tea and drank it slowly and grudgingly. However I was surprisingly thirsty and my slow drinking instantly sped up as I downed my cup with haste.

“It looks like you need a bigger cup Alice.” Mad hatter cried and soon I got a tea cup as big as a vase. I watched apprehensively as the Chestier cat lifted the teapot and poured the steaming tea into my oversized cup.

I gasped as my already aching bladder housed a pang of excruciating agony. I whimpered under my breath and slipped my left hand off the table and shoved it into my clit once again. I politely took a sip of tea intending to only do it out of kindness but the tea was addicting and I found myself swallowing more than I intended sending my bladder into a haywire.

I felt the hot urine begin to dribble from my urethra. I gasped as I finished my cup of tea and a spurt of pee dampened my panties.

“It looks like its time Alice.” The chestier cat said and once again evaporated into his smokey state and flew away from the group.

“Best of luck Alice.” The mad hatter said between sips of tea.

“Thank you, good-bye.” I practically whined as my bladder felt like a knife stabbing my abdomen.

As I left the opening I allowed myself to shove my hand back into my clit and awkwardly chase after the smoky trail of the chestier cat and then we came upon a ledge where a sword stabbed into the ground.

“Alice, its time to fight.” The chestier cat said before disappearing. I gripped the vorpal blade and drew it from the earth and looked down into the clearing below and saw an army of playing cards approach and the beautiful red Queen lead them with her menacing scythe. I took a bite of one of the crackers I brought and felt my skin quiver and a small spurt spill into my panties as I grew to giant heights. I stepped off the cliff and took a sip of the vial and shrank back to normal size in front of the army.

I danced in place as my bladder hurt something awful. I moaned but then I was engaged by a playing card. I quickly sliced it in half with my sword and began the one woman battle. I sliced with precision as I began to close into the queen. However my bladder kept letting hot pee spill into my panties leaving them moist.

Finally I sliced the one card separating me form its leader and felt a long spurt of hot pee escape my urethra and soak my panties. I ignored it however I couldn’t ignore my still pounding bladder, none the less I charged the queen only to have her slam the bottom of her scythe into my gut. I stumbled back and my bladder released the urine it once held.

I moaned in relief as the hot pissed spewed first into my panties before streaming down my legs seeping through my pantie hose as it gushed down my leg. It practically became a stream that simply brushed against my right thigh before one again trickling down my toned legs around my calf and streaming out at my ankles before splashing to the concrete ground around me.

The hot pee momentarily streamed straight between my legs spilling onto the ground forming a large puddle before switching back to gushing down the back of my left leg. Soaking the black pantie hose and pleasurably running down my long legs, streaming into my flats and overflowing to the ground as it kept increasing the size of my puddle.

I moaned loudly as the stream exploded into a powerful spurt that fell straight to the ground and splashing a small amount of urine onto my ankle and foot. I felt my eyes practically roll into the back of my head as the urine flow trickled down my legs streaming around to the front and soaking previously dry skin with hot urine that slightly steamed in the icy wonderland air. I allowed another moan of relief and pleasure as the hot pee continued bursting through my pee hole and emptying my bladder.

I breathed another moan as my hot pee kept streaming along my legs, and splashing onto the ground and gushing down my legs in thick streams of golden liquid. Finally the flow began to slow as it became a light trickle and ran down my legs and streaming over my feet and shoes onto the ground adding to the already large puddle. Finally it became a slight dribble as the panty hose seemed to wave slightly as the pee ran beneath it. Finally the pee stopped and simply dripped from my panties and pantie hose and even my dress where I held myself.

Suddenly mortified I stared up too face the red Queen. She was tall and well-developed, she had light brown hair that cascaded down to her mid back in luxurious curls. She had iridescent coppery red eyes and her lips were traced with cherry red lip stick and she was dressed in a red dress that showed off both her large cleavage and her long, beautiful tan legs.

My face turned bright red matching her dress as my ears began to burn. My embarrassment knocked me into a slight daze and a quick spurt of urine burned through my panties and splashed onto the ground beneath me. I stuttered before quickly sipping form the vial and I shrank down to the size of a bug as I heard the queen begin to laugh sadistically and I fled.

*003*2012-02-11 15:59

{{: 

I like it a lot. The thought had definitely crossed my mind about grown up Alice. I was looking forward to more of your other story though!

}}

Thanks, and I will definantly continue the other story this, was just a shorter story I could post in the meantime and antifairy return to madness concept has definantly inspired this story after I heard about it

*007*2012-03-18 17:39

{{: 

This is really good :)

I have a few criticisms though.

1. A few times, you used "and" far too often to join the sentences.

2. Some things were over detailed.

There were also the occasional spelling/grammar mistake, but this story is very good!

I especially love some of the detail you put into it :D

Please write more xD

X

}}

Thanks for the criticism. I have noticed that I have a habit of using and to join sentences together a lot. I guess I just never gave it much though and could you tell me which parts were over detailed for future references? I also plan to write more when the free time opens up. Thanks to everyone for the comments:)

*008*2012-03-27 21:02

I found myself inside the den of some animal as I returned to normal size. I spun around confused as I noticed the chesire cat had taken residents here. "Hey..." I trailed off.

"You have failed?" He asked grinning. I nodded my head bitterly. "Why don't we try this again, here let's get you into a change of clothes." He said softly as he began a trail of purple smoke as he billowed into a chest and then quickly encased me in a funnel of his essence and when the cloud dissipated revealing him as his cat state I realized I was dressed in more modern clothes, denim pants, a blue blouse similar to the design of my dress and I looked at the cat.

"Strike now while she is weak and doesn't expect it." He advised me before disappearing . I grabbed the blade and rushed back towards the battle field. The green and odd foliage passed me by as I found the red queen with only a few cards retreating to her palace. I grinned.

Moving as fast as possible I made my way to her I raised my sword to sing as I went in for a surprise attack and felt myself become disarmed. I looked shocked as she faced me again her scythe drawn and a wicked grin on her face.

"Surprise surprise." She cackled as she leaned down by me. "Care to wet again?" She asked me. I shook my head feverishly. "well then, I suppose I can just take oyu as a prisoner until the white queen surrenders, how will she win without her champion after all?"

I felt my heart fall as I was ushered to the palace. Days later I would find myself a slave to the red queen as I walked around the throne room my bladder filling quickly. "Please, can I use the bathroom?" I pleaded.

"Of course, just as soon as you finish cleaning this room... and the next several after that!" She cackled again and my heart fell as I stared around at the massive room now filthy from several executions I had been forced to witness. I bowed my head and began to continue cleaning as everyone had fled from the room leaving only me. An hour later and a lot more desperate I would find myself only half done cleaning. I mopped the blood off the floor around me trembling wildly, trying not to make larger mess as I noticed the chesire cat.

"Tell me Alice, how is it you had managed to fail twice now?"

"I-I-I help me..."

"Awe but of course, only I can't do that directly. Here take this, spike the red queen's fountain with it and soon you will be free." He slid a vial my way.

Why what's it do." I asked as he vanished and I felt my bladder burst while I had been distracted. Urine gushed from my legs violently as I ran from the room, for the fountain leaving a trail of urine behind me as I did.

