Diaper Witch

Author: forced2go

*000*2018-06-05 18:39

This is the first part of a 3 part story I'm writting thar was largely influenced by footedsleeper's work as well as a bit of influence from the unthinker on deviant art.

Tags include: wetting, forced wetting, male wetting, female wetting diaper, plastic pants, magic, hypnosis, light sexual themes, mother, witch, unpotty training, police, public humiliation, bondage, light/implied age regression, and plenty of holding/desperation

The large majority of male wetting is because the protagonist is male for self insertion purposes. The rest of the scenes and discriptions of all other characters (excluding a small 1-2 sentence scene in the 2nd part) are female. Babby/sissification is extremely minimal and it is more focused on power dynamics.

The 2nd part is already written, and slightly longer than the first, and im currently writting part 3, which I imagine, will only take me a few days at most. I welcome any comments or critisism and hope that you all enjoy.

###

It was the lady from my dreams again. I had been dreaming about her night after night for a few months now. She was the picture of motherly perfection, warm and welcoming she would call out to me.

"Jimmy? Jimmy is that you? Come closer to me I can't see you."

I could see her in the distance in my mind's eye, and I wanted desperately to run toward her, but something inside me told me to stay away. Every night, without fail, she would come to me in my dreams and she would beg me to come to her. Her pleas became more and more insistent and every night she drew a little closer and her voice grew a little more demanding.

"Come to me little boy. Come to mommy!"

Her voice had a sickenily sweet and wanting tone to it, one that I didn't understand. I was afraid to go to bed at night and when I finally did fall asleep I would wake up in a cold sweat with a strange feeling that that lady, my 'mommy' , was right behind me. I dreaded the night that she would finally find me, but every night, as she drew closer and closer, I found myself wishing for it more and more. The more I wished for it the closer she got,then one night it finally happened.

"Jimmy oh Jimmy! My needy little boy I have finally found you" 'Mommy' proclaimed in a nearly manic whisper. She was so close to me now that all I could see was her face, Her eyes boring into me with a perverse fasination. I felt her hands reach out and grab me by the shoulders as she claimed me as her own. Fear gripped me, something primal and instinctual, but as her fingers began to knead into my skin I felt something else...a tingle...down there. 'Mommy' smiles and looks really excited.

"What's wrong my little boy? You seem a bit... distracted." She says as her eyes wander to just below my belt.

Suddenly I wake up with a start. Breathing heavily, I suddenly become very aware that I NEED...no its not only that...but I want to....I want to pee... i-in m-my p-pants.

I want to be a good boy for mommy.

###

The next morning everything seemed to be back to normal. Despite my incredibly weird and uncomfortable dream, and my even stranger compulsions, I managed to keep my bladder under control before I had any unfortunate 'accidents'. Before going to school I made sure to use the bathroom.

*"that's the last time you'll do *that* ever again...hehehehe"*

I stopped for a second and shook my head. Did I just hear something? I shrugged it off and continued to wash my hands and get ready for school. While I started the school day a bit nervous and uneasy, I soon gained confidrnce that everything was fine. I even started to enjoy myself...well as much as any 12 year old boy could enjoy himself as he listened to his teachers drone on about one boring subject to the next. The school day continued to pass without incident, and I was reminded that it was, all in fact, just a bad dream.

While I relaxed, I failed to notice just how thirsty I was. I stopped at the water fountain between every class drinking at least a full 8 oz. each time. At lunch I drank a full 32 oz. of mountain dew followed by sone lemonaide. Despite all this, the thought that I should maybe go to the bathroom never even occured to me. The dream and that lady were so far away now. Everything was normal and I was safe. A little voice in the back of my head questioned if that was really true, and every time I tried to listen I found myself compelled to drink and drink and drink.

With the school day finally over, I started to walk back home when I heard what sounded like a struggle from somewhere near by. After a few minutes of fighting my way through the woods I got to the source of the noise and what I saw stopped me dead in my tracks.

Kneeling on the ground just a few feet in front of me is a girl in a large cloth diaper and transperant plastic pants. Her brown hair is done up in pigtails and she is wearing a frilly pink dress several sizes too small for her that stops before even begining to cover her waist leaving her huge diaper exposed for anyone to see. She looks to be about the same age as me as she squats over the ground her hand pressed hard against her crotch and her legs slightly crossed as she lets out a long slow whine of desperation as she tries with everything she has not to wet herself.

"That's it baby girl you really have to GO don't you?"

I gasp. My breath is caught in my throat as suddenly standing over her is the lady from my dream in the living breathing flesh. Did she just suddenly appear, or was I simply too distracted by the spectical in front of me to notice her before? I couldn't tell.

Her eyes widened as that creepy excited smile spread across her face. Manical laughter seeped out from her delighted expression as her eyes feasted on the poor helpless girl in front of her.

"Too desperate to move aren't you? If I were to just...pull" her arm lashed out and violently yanked at the girl's leg. "at your leg here you wouldn't be able to stand it would you?"

The girl wailed urgently trying to pull her legs back together as tears started to stream from her eyes...as well as her waist. Watching from afar I could see the beginings of a puddle begin to form in her previously perstine white cloth diaper. Along with the sight came the telltale *hhhissss*, which seemed to remind my blader of just how much I had to drink today as i begun to need to pee.

The crying girl straightened becoming as stiff as a board, and then, through sheer force of will, she stopped herself from peeing.

"Oooo we got ourselves a little trickle there didn't we?", she said as she clapped her hands together in delight. "But why are you trying so hard to stop yourself?" her face and tone turning far more stern and serious as she began to entrance the girl in front of her. "Don't you want your agony to end?" My bladder fluttered sympathetically as if she was talking to it directly spasming violently at her every word. "Aren't so tired of letting it build and build?Growing, tingiling, screaming to get out. Sloshing around inside you with every teensy tiny little movement. Don't you just want to let it go? Let it allll ouuut. Wouldn't that feel so good?"

The girl shuddered her face a strange mixture of want and difiance as a war for control raged inside her. As I watched, unable to look a tide began to surge inside me as well. I couldn't help but bounce my legs in place in a subconcious attempt to ease my aching need.

"Why resist? You're already wearing a diaper! Just imagine" she said gripping the girl by the shoulders and working her magic into her. "The security of a nice...soft...diaper. you will never have to use a toilet ever again!"

The girl cracked a bit. It was clear she was losing ground to a building desire and the mention of her diaper only made her fall that much faster. Mommy's telling influence was seeping into her and it was only made worse when she was taken in for a close hug and her diapered bottom was gropped and given a nice pat. It was all she could take.

The diapered girl was completely enthralled. She now lay her head on her soon to be new mommy's shoulder and looked up at her with the fragile innocent eyes of a child. Whatever remained of her resistance now hung on by the barest of threads.

"Now..." she continued as she moved her hand off the girl's shoulder and down to the front of her diaper. "Tell mommy...", she said placing her hand on top of the girl's right on top of her bladder. "Do you have to go potty?"

With a strong push she delivered the final blow as both mother's and daughter's hands brought the girl into a euphoric state of pleasure as the floodgates burst open. They both reveled in a shared pleasure as they embraced one another, the newly christened daughter's diaper getting warmer and fuller between them.

This went on for several minutes, the girl's diaper growing wetter and wetter as it began to sag and become a distinct shade of yellow. All the while, the sounds of a flood continued to compel me to follow suit. I was enraptured by the scene before me. There was an insane ammount of pee continously gushing out of this girl. How was it possible? where did it come from? Did it feel nearly as good as she made it look? Soon the pee even began to overflow the diaper, and, if it wasn't for the clear plastic pants keeping everything in, there would have been quite the mess to clean up.

Suddenly mommy turned and looked in my direction her wide eyes and excited smile all too telling of her intentions.

*002*2018-06-08 20:00

Here's part 2. Part 3 is in progress and currently maybe a third of the way done. I am aiming to have it finished by sometime next week.

=======

My heart sank as I tried to flee, but my legs wouldn't let me. 'Mommy' slowly began to walk toward me.

" Did you like my little show Jimmy? I put it on just...for...you."

My waist shook. It was as if she was trying to pull the pee out of me directly with her words. Was she even talking to me anymore? Or was she talking to the 'Jimmy' in my pants? my eyes glazed over as I started to fall under her direct control. Mommy continued her slow march toward me and now was only a few feet away. All i could do was stand there frozen. My head filled with strange new thoughts as I absorbed her every word.

" How are you feeling Jimmy? Are you scared? Are you excited? Look over there. Do you see that girl? Do you see how happy she is?"

The diapered girl’s face was frozen in an expression of euphoric pleasure as she stared dumbly into the void. Drool ran down the side of her mouth as she quietly moaned. Her hand absently rubbed the front of her diaper.

"She is empty. She was a good little girl and let it all out for mommy. She won't be like that forever...no...eventually some of her will come back. The parts I want. The parts that will make her a good little diaper slave. She will be exactly what I want and she will belong to me." Mommy turned her head, and put her intense gaze back on me. She noted, with delight, that my expression did not look too different from the girl's. "No more books...no more school...only playtime with mommy. Now, doesn't that sound nice?" Mommy's hands reached out for me and they were no longer interested in grabbing my shoulders. They were heading straight for my crotch.

I never had to pee so much in my entire life. My need to go had grown from unbearable to unimaginable. I remembered all those drinks I had earlier that day and I began to imagine myself in the school lunchroom drinking a 2 liter of Mountain Dew, and as I chugged it down, gulp after gulp, it came right back out. It wasn't too noticeable at first it was just a little dribble, but it soon grew until a small squirt of warm liquid began to shoot through my underwear and then down my pant leg. A couple of drops of pee quietly hit the floor. Unalarmed by this, I continued to guzzle down the drink with abandon and let nature take its course. It felt natural, like this was what I was meant to do, this is what I should be doing.

As a damp patch appeared on my pants I relaxed even more allowing the feeling to take me as my crotch felt warm and wet. The sound of streaming liquid began to fill the cafeteria as a large puddle began to form beneath me. People began to take notice stopping what they were doing to stop and stare at me as I closed my eyes in unrivaled bliss.The cafeteria was dead silent and the atmosphere grew cold. I opened my eyes to looks of shock and disgust as my pants began to feel cold and uncomfortable. A girl screamed " oh my god" as other students began to yell and laugh. This wasn't right I realized finally waking from my stupor as cold sweat formed on my forehead. Nooo!

"Nooo!" I screamed waking from my fantasy and tearing myself away from that terrible nightmare women just as she went to grab me. Adrenaline fueling my movements, I dashed into the nearby park all too aware of how much I needed to pee.

Once I was sure that I was far from that woman I began to search for a bathroom. With very few people around and no clear direction I began to feel my urgent need return in full force. But there was nowhere to go! My legs started to shake as my adrenaline began to wear off. I didn't have a lot of time. Desperate, I began to beg anyone I could find if they could please tell me where a bathroom was. They all ignored me, and I found myself running further and further into the park until I could no longer tell where I was or how I got there. I found myself in front of a pond with a river feeding into it. As I stared at the water sloshing around, tormenting and teasing me, I gave up. This was the end, my legs buckled and I fell to my knees. I stared at the pond and listened to its siren’s call as pee hit the tip of my dick.

It was just at that moment that I caught a glimpse of a little boy's room sign and a small restroom off in the distance. I could have sworn that that building wasn't there before, but I didn't care. Right in front of me, just a few quick jog away was my salvation. Summoning the rest of my strength I sprinted as fast as I could toward the door as relief dawned on my face. It was finally over! I'd made it in time! As soon as I peed that evil lady wouldn't be able to control me anymore. I had won.

As I went to push the door open it wouldn't budge. Cursing, I tried to pull the door open and got the same result. No! Whhhy?? This couldn't be. It was locked. Pushing with all my might, I banged on the door furiously as my body crumpled against it, and tears started to form in my eyes. This wasn't fair. It just wasn't fair! I couldn't hold it anymore I had to GO! In sobbing frustration I yelled: "Let me in! I have to PEEEE!!!"

Suddenly, she appears behind me.

"Let me help you my poor little boy. Mommy will let you in..."

She pushed the door open with just the lightest touch and I bolted inside. The bathroom was unusually large and seemed to stretch on for miles. In front of me were yards and yards of sinks and mirrors, which I quickly scrambled past. My bladder seemed to know exactly where I was.

" Be careful Jimmy. This is a special bathroom you know..."

I barely registered Mommy's voice as it echoed through the bathroom. I made my way past the sinks and on to the stalls. Trying one after another, I found that they were all locked. Upon closer inspection, I noticed that they were all in use. Feet and underwear stuck out from the bottom of every stall.

"This is the Potty Palace and it brings little boys and girls where they belong."

I ran as fast as I could searching for any unoccupied toilet. Row after row of stalls were occupied and eventually I found myself in a row that seemed to go on forever. As I ran the occasional flush could be heard in the distance. It served as a painful reminder of exactly why I was here.

" Mommy is a diaper witch Jimmy, and she wants to take you home with her to all the other diaper witches that are just like her. Doesn't that sound fun? Now all you need is a potty.....ooooo hehe there's one..." Mommy giggled and her giggle transformed into an ominous evil cackle as she sent her little boy to his promised fate.

The words washed right over me and went unnoticed as I desperately continued to search. Reaching what I thought was a break in the unending row of stalls, I discovered that this too was one; it was just much much bigger. It opened slightly as if inviting me in. Inside was the biggest toilet I had ever seen. It was a white toilet with a black lid and it had an almost intimidating presence about it. Standing next to it I looked as tall as a two year old. Attempting to climb on top of it was a herculean task, and my hands and feet could not get a grip on its slippery porcelain surface.

My attempts seemed to get weaker the more I tried and I soon had an odd feeling that I was shorter even though the toilet seened to stay the same size. Was I actually turning into a two year old?! The thought hit me, but it was soon forgotten as my urgency to pee would not be ignored. I looked around desperately searching for anyway to get up and I eventually found a small blue step stool with doggy stickers on it to climb up onto.

Standing over the giant toilet bowl I felt strange. As I struggled to undo my pants I became dizzy and light headed. My mind began to be bombarded with images of thousands of toilets of different shapes and colors as the sound of people peeing filled my ears. The sensations overtook me and suddenly everything went dark as I fell forward. The last thing I heard was a *FFluussshh*.

###

I woke up in the park and everything seemed normal. A few feet away was the small pond I stumbled upon before, but there was no sign of any kind of bathroom. Maybe it was all a dream? Did I just pass out from exhaustion? Just as I started to think about it I felt the return of a familiar ache and I realized had to go now. I'm filled with dread. It is only a matter of time before my dull ache turns into a volcano of urine ready to explode. I don't have a lot of time. I got up and focused purely on finding a bathroom. My tired body reluctantly complied.After a few minutes I found my way back to civilization and I was immediately struck by an odd sight.

Right in front of me stood a tall woman in a purple sundress and a wide brimmed hat, and holding her hand was a young girl wearing nothing, but a shirt and a disposable diaper with cartoon characters on it. The girl looked far too old to be in diapers...or did she? Was the woman next to her tall, or had I grown shorter? I couldn't tell.

The mother asked the girl if she was thirsty and she nodded enthusiastically. The mom brought out a giant sippy cup, about the size of a half gallon, and handed it to the child who drank it greedily. I tried my best not to look at them and just focused instead on walking ahead, but as I passed them I thought I spotted a sly knowing grin on the mother's face. I hoped it was my imagination.

As I turned onto the main street my eyes went wide and I stopped dead in my tracks. All around me were tall seductive and caring mothers. They all had the same aura as 'mommy'. Just being around them made me want to give in. My mind and my bladder begged to be set free. Most of them were engaged in their 'children' . Teasing, encouraging or forcing them to pee seemed to what they enjoyed doing most.

There were fountains littered everywhere throughout the street. Many of them depicted children peeing themselves with various expressions ranging from fear and disgust to bliss and acceptance. As I stared at the various statues, I began to be drawn to all the trickling water flowing from the statues in a constant stream. The sound was inescapable and I nearly collapsed under the pressure. To make matters worse there were a variety of mothers encouraging their children to play in and/or stare at these fountains as they 'educated' them. the fountains suddenly slowed down to a dribble, and a single chant arose from all the women on the street.

"1, 2, 3! Little babies turn to PEE!!!!"

As the chant ended every child around the fountains began to pee themselves and the sound that the fountains imitated became the real thing. I watched in horror and fascination as a mother held a little boy above her and pushed his pelvis so that his pee arched directly into the fountain pool. His face was a mixture of struggle and bliss and I found myself wondering what it would be like to be in his position right now. I grunted aloud as my sympathetic bladder tried to join in with the rest, and this caught the attention of two women behind me who cooed and asked if I needed any help.

Focusing my will power, I managed to start walking. I kept my eyes focused on the road in front of me and my head low. I tried my best not to let anything catch my eye as I slipped through the crowd and looked for a way out of this crazy place before I was taken in by it.

" Are you thirsty?"

My head jerked up and I looked around worried I'd been spotted. Instead I saw a small diapered girl being propped up by her mother's hand on her diapered toosh as she drank ravenously from a water fountain.

"Drink up." , her mother encouraged. Her gleaming eyes watched as the girl’s s diaper started to shake as her body wriggled underneath.

"Oh little boy where's your mommy?"

I turned around and saw the two women from before they had caught up to me. Seeing my look of fear and disgust they continued:

"No!....It couldn’t be….Hehehe you can't still be potty trained are you?"

This seemed to catch everyone's attention and their eyes all fell on me.

" Do you need to find a potty? Don't worry we'll help you...We'll *all*help you!", she screamed widening out her arms to include the entire crowd.

I took off in a mad dash. I had to get out of here. Dodging women coming from every direction I tried my best to stay out of their reach.

"You can't run forever!"

"Everybody pees!!"

They were closing in on me; I couldn't run anymore this was it. Then I saw it. There was a cop car in the distance. using the last of my strength I sprinted to the car and jumped on the hood. banging on the windshield I screamed in desperation:

"Please! You got to help me! These crazy ladies are after me! You have to get me out of here! Please take me to the bathroom, I REALLY have to pee!"

*004*2018-06-10 21:18

With a little over 1600 words written for the 3rd part, I am left with only the 'finale' left to write. I'm not entirely sure how long that will be, but I can virtually guarantee that the 3rd part of the story will be the longest of the 3.

There is a possibility that I can write it within the next couple days, but that's really dependent on how the rest of my life is going. I am at the mercy of how much free time I can get to focus on writing.

*007*2018-06-12 10:47

Thank you. I don't explicitly say it, but outside of the begining dream, and his induced fantasies everything Jimmy is seeing is 100% real. Unfortunately (or fortuneately) for him, mommy's magic really is that strong, and the Potty Palace and the world of the diaper witches are very real 'dangerous' places where no potty trained person should go.

*008*2018-06-14 20:43

At 3775 words the 3rd and final part of the story is now complete! This makes this part nearly double the length of the 2nd part, and over half of the story's length overall. To be honest I could have seperated it into a 4 part story, but I figured, go big or go home.

Without further ado, The epic conclusion to Diaper Witch.

###

Two nearly identical blonde women in their early twenties, wearing police uniforms and large reflective aviator sunglasses, stepped out of the car on either side and grabbed me by my ankles. They pulling me off the hood of the car with grace and ease.

"Don't worry young man. We'll protect you.", one of them said in a confident monotone voice as she stood uncomfortably close to me.

"Come with us.", the other said in a sympathetic tone as she opened the backdoor of the cop car and gently ushered me inside. The seat was covered in a transparent plastic cover, which made sitting on it without slipping very difficult. As the policewoman leaned over me in an attempt to find me a seatbelt she uttered: "We promise we will get you exactly what you need." There was a soft click sound, but it wasn’t from a seatbelt. The sound came from a pair of handcuffs as they were secured snuggly around my wrists.

"We have calls about a 933 on Fifth and Main. I repeat a 933 on Fifth and Main, a weak-kneed little boy in progress. All units please respond.", the walkie talkie chirped. The policewoman outside of the car picked up her walkie and responded.

" This is unit 1. We got him. We are in route now. Over." A slight smirk crosses the woman's face as she headed towards the car.

"What's going on! Why did you handcuff me? Where are you taking me?!" I shrieked as moved around looking for any way to escape.

"Relax...this is just procedure. Anyone in the back of the cop car has to be handcuffed until they can be properly...processed. We are taking you exactly where you want to go. You don't have to worry about those scary women anymore. You are safe." Her voice was soothing, and when she turned back to face me her concern seemed genuine. Maybe she was telling the truth.

"Well you better hurry!", I warned. "I don't know how much longer I can hold it!"

After a 20 minute drive, which felt like an eternity, we finally arrived at a unassuming concrete office building. Both officers got out of the car at the same time, and, with practiced precision, they grabbed me, forced me onto my feet, and made me walk in front of them as they both remained less than an inch behind.

"Can we get these handcuffs off now?", I complained, sulking as I walked into the building.

"Soon", the kind cop said. "As soon as we get you inside, and get you processed, then we can take them off."

I sighed, and I failed to notice a sign that the nice officer was carefully blocking with her body. It read 'County Re-education and Rehabilitation facility'. Once we got inside, the rough officer grabbed ahold of the back of my shirt and forced me to walk faster. Soon I was jogging and every step was a not so subtle reminder of how much distress my bladder was in. I began to wince with every step as they pushed me forward through a confusing maze of hallways. By the time we stopped I was panting and my legs were shaking with need.

"Ooooo you must be Jimmy." The voice came from a tall older woman in her early 50s with thick glasses and a lab coat, who was suddenly standing over me as I tried to catch my breath. "I've heard so much about you! But enough about that, let's take care of your little...problem shall we?" She said as she stared suggestively at my groin.

Dread filled me as they pushed me through a secure door that locked tightly behind me. What followed was another long trip down a narrow empty hallway. The air was tense and, as we walked, the sound of high heels steadily hitting the tile floor only seemed to raise the unbearably high tension even further. I felt like I was a prisoner, and I was being led to my execution. Eventually, we stopped, and I was immediately overwhelmed. There, right in front of me, was a bathroom door. An ordinary, everyday bathroom door. I almost couldn't believe it. One of the cops leaned over and took off my handcuffs and I immediately bolted inside.

It was, indeed, a small bathroom with a single sink, mirror, and toilet. I ran to the toilet, undid my pants, closed my eyes, and I started to moan as I felt my bladder finally relax. Finally after all this time, after all this torture I was finally going to get some relief, but, instead the pressure just continued to grow. Without my bladder to stop it, pee just continued to flow, and without a way out it simply continued to build.

My moans turned to wails as I tried desperately to pee.

" Awww...are you having trouble?", the scientist's voice cooed over a hidden speaker. "Here, let me help you." The sink suddenly turned on full blast and my need to go doubled. I couldn't think straight anymore. It was too much. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't pee!

The water continued to pour down the drain as it slowly eroded my sanity. I had to do something about it. I lunged recklessly for the sink, and turned it off as fast as I could.

"Oooh, you're right! That won't work at all will it?" The flow of water slowed to a small, teasing, stream and started to fill as the sink's handels locked in place. "There, isn't that-" fluuusshh "sooo much better?"

I screamed as the sensations took over my mind, and I became their slave. "Why can't I PEE?!!!", I sobbed trying hard to keep myself together.

"This is our 'holding' cell. This is where we put bad little boys who don't want to listen to their mommies. That pesky potty training of yours has got to go....but before that I think we can put it to some good use, don't you?"

I turned around and slammed my shoulder as hard as I could against the door. It didn't budge.

"Nuh uh uh...you wanted so badly to hold it....well now you're going to HOLD IT. There is nowhere to run and nowhere to hide. You can just sit there and let your need grow until you feel like you're going to explode."

I went back to the toilet and tried to relax. I couldn't think anymore. I was right on the edge, but some terrible force gripped me and stopped me from letting go. My frustration continued to build as I tried to think of anything that could push me over the edge. My mind wandered back to that little girl in the park as she was forced to pee her diaper and plastic pants. I remembered that look of pure bliss on her face as she flooded her diaper. The look of relief as even her plastic pants began to fill.

It wasn't helping. It was just making things worse. As water continued to fill the sink, I began to feel like my brain was drowning in my own pee.

"That's it just listen to the water and stare at the potty. That's what potty training is for isn't it? To make you go pee pee in the potty? Your body has been trained. When it sees a potty it wants to go it neeeeedss to go. Your potty training is exactly why you feel so truly desperate right now. There is no escape for you...unless..." My heart stopped. "Unless you made enough pee to break the hold."

There was a loud bang as several jugs of water hit the floor. "This should just about do it." There had to have been several gallons worth of water here. Then with a loud click the bathroom lights turned to a strange shade of pink.

"I can't drink that much! It's impossible!" I screeched.

" Well...there is another option. You could be a good little boy and pee your pants..."

Good boys pee their pants....good boys pee their pants. You want to be a good boy, and good boys pee their pants.

A chorus of young feminine voices came from everywhere and nowhere all at once. They whispered through my mind as they egged me on.

Good boy

Put on your pants

Good boy

Nice soft underwear

Fresh tighty...whities!

Nice and safe

You want to make them wet

Good boys pee their pants

Pull up your pants

Good boy

Zip it up...there you go!

I found myself following their every suggestion and I soon found myself with my pants back up as I imagined leaking them like a good boy. I wanted to. I REALLY wanted to, but that would mean giving in to them. I focused what little was left of my mind on not giving in to their command to pee. I stood there for a few moments staring at the potty imagining that my pants were still down, and that it would all be okay, but I didn't pee. While I was so busy focusing on not wetting my pants, they used the opportunity to slip a different suggestion into my mind.

I started to feel thirsty.

Thirsty

So thirsty

You need to drink

I licked my lips as I stared at the gallons of water in front of me. My thirst grew until it consumed my entire being. I needed it. I reached out and upended the first gallon jug letting it pour down my throat. The more I drank the more I wanted. It just felt so right.It tasted so good. Eventually my drinking began to slow as my body reached its limits. Coughing and sputtering, I finished another jug, but as I reached for another I began to feel very sleepy.

"He's had his fill." The scientist told the police officers as she opened the bathroom door and they walked inside. "Let's get to work."

###

"Jimmy...ohh Jimmy! It's time to get up. Your mommy is here to get you." The soft caring voice of the scientist lulled me from my sleep, but for some reason I didn't recognize it.

As I opened my eyes I found myself slumped into a large comfortable recliner with my legs extended and spread far apart. Standing over me were three women, all staring at me with wide excited smiles and hungry eyes. The one in the middle continued talking as she helped me down from the chair.

"Come on hurry up your mommy is waiting! We'll have to make sure to tell her what a good boy you were."

As she put me on the ground I stumbled a bit and started swaying aimlessly from side to side. The ladies all giggled as they watched me try to stand, and then one of them put their hand on my butt and nudged me forward. I tried my best to follow the lady out of the room as the other two walked closely on either side of me helping me to stay upright .

Not much went through my head as I was marched down the hallway. I felt...good, Really good. It was like all my stress and all my worries just melted away. My mind was numb. I couldn't feel anything, not even my earth-shattering need to pee. My mind was filled with a comfortable fog. I could not remember who I really was, or how I got here.

Wait...was this right? A small voice, faaaar away in the back of my head tried to remember.

I was tied to a chair in a room with odd pink lights The three women sat around me topless, laughing and giggling, as their suggestive whispers began to overwhelm my mind.

The shock of the memory caused me to shake my head slightly, and I was returned to my happy docile state. One of the women next to me looked at me and studied me closely, as a knowing smirk grew on her face.

The hallways continued to grow wider as I blindly followed the ladies through an endless maze of corridors and secure doors. They were slowly guiding me to the center of the building, and they could hardly contain their glee. As we turned one final corner, she came into view.

"Jimmy, My beautiful little boy, Mommy missed you!"

There was mommy, my mommy, she was crouched down with her arms outstretched ready to give me a nice big hug.

"Come on Jimmy, come to mommy." Her voice had a slightly sinister tone as I toddled my way toward her trying my best to stay on my feet. "Yes...that's it...very good!", she exclaimed as she embraced me. "I missed you sooo much.", she continued breathing deeply as she firmly squeezed my behind and pushed my pelvis against her.

"He was a veerry good boy for us. He's just so full of spirit. It's like he is about to..." There was a pause as the scientist looked around at all the smiling faces who all nodded in a silent confirmation "burst."

My body stiffened as all at once my unworldly need to pee came rushing back to my waist. The sensation cut through the haze, and my mind began to clear, but all I could comprehend was need. My whole body started to shake as I quietly whimpered.

Mommy held me close gently stroking the back of my head as I subconsciously looked to her for comfort."My poor baby....Don't worry, you'll feel much better soon. I promise."

The two cops then came up from behind me and propped me up on their shoulders and we began to slowly walk into large room. The room was filled with a few hundred women all fanatically chattering away, and as we entered the room it suddenly became dead silent. All eyes were focused on me as I was led to a stage in the front of the room, and I was placed on an examination table. Both officers sat on either side of me, each with a hand on my upper thighs.

Mommy stepped up to a podium in front of me and began to speak:

"Welcome, thank you all for coming. We are here today to celebrate Jimmy. Jimmy is a special little boy, few children have anywhere near the kind of 'potential' he has."

She turned to face me. "Little Jimmy here has been a tough little nut to crack. I have been chasing him for months, tempting him, teasing, and prodding him, and yet he has never given in. He has what it takes to grow up to be an extraordinary young man. A doctor, a lawyer, a scientist, these are all possible paths for his extremely bright future."

The audience listened with bated breath as they clung to her every word. They all gleefully anticipated the next phrase to come out of her mouth.

"But not for long...because you see...Jimmy REALLY REALLY HAS TO PEE!!"

The crowd erupted in cheers and maniacal laughter as a foreboding chill crept down my spine. Her words seemed to stay with me, echo through me, compel me. Then, suddenly, like a bolt of lightning hitting my crotch, my bladder assaulted me with supernatural force. I couldn't stay still. My body began to convulse as it tried desperately to hold it in. Both officers gripped my thighs tightly keeping my body from getting out of control as they motioned over to the scientist before separating to secure my body. One held my arms and the other held my legs. Together with the scientist, they began slowly and tantalizingly removing my clothing one piece at a time.

"NOOO! What are you doing to me!" I screamed to the perverse delight of the audience who grew more excited with every passing second.

One by one my clothes started to come off, no matter how much I tried to stop them. First my shoes, and then my socks then my shirt. All the while they tickled me and teased me drawing out the show for as long as possible. Each piece of clothing they removed was thrown into the crowd where it disappeared into their wanting hands.

Once I was down to just my pants Mommy came over and looked down on me.

" Honey, we are getting you naked. We don't want you to have an accident now, do we?" She motioned to the others who put me in strong velcro cuffs, strapping me down and leaving me helpless. Mommy relished unbuckling and unzipping my pants as I wriggled fruitlessly to stop her. Soon, she got her hands around my tighty whiteys and cooed as she removed them leaving me naked and exposed for all to see.

Holding my underwear she turned to the crowd and held them high above her head.

"They're still dry!" She proclaimed, which earned a loud excited squeal from the crowd as she proceeded to toss my underwear into their midst.

"You really are a special little boy aren't you?", she said turning back to me as she examined me closely. "You're trying so hard to be a big boy and not have an accident...I think that deserves a reward."

She bent below the table and grabbed something from a drawer that spewed odd yellow smoke. When she returned holding a large white puffy object, my heart froze.

" Do you know what this is?"

"I-its a d-diaper.", I stammered in shock and disbelief. This couldn't be happening. In her hands was a large white cloth diaper. My eyes were fixated on it. I was drawn to it, like it was calling me.

"wait yo-you're not gonna make me...? Y-you couldn't..." I looked around frantically, and in a sudden moment of terrible clarity, I realized that this wasn't an examination table at all! It was a changing table!

"Yes, you're right Jimmy, it is a diaper, but it isn't just any diaper. Its a magic diaper Jimmy. It's your diaper. It takes all your hopes and dreams, your talents and aspirations, even your very potential and you know what it does? It turns it all into pee pee that will come right out of that little wee wee. Isn't that great! The more you pee the more it takes! You did such a good job holding it alll this time, letting it build up and up and up, but now it's time for you to just let it all out! It's a new beginning for you here in this beautiful world. As soon as I put this niiicce soooft diaper around you, it'll be alll over. So get ready Jimmy, here comes your diaper… Here comes the beginning of the end.”

Between the four of them they effortlessly lifted me up and wrapped the diaper snuggly around me, and they secured it with a distinctive SNAP leaving me in the soft secure confines of a nice big diaper.

"See? You can't have an accident anymore. From now on, your pee pee will always go right where it belongs...in a Big FAT Diaper!" Her eyes started to twinkle as she watched the diaper start to glow.

It started. It was happening. I could feel the diaper pulling at me, draining me, and all my resistance, and turning it into pee. I started moaning, half in frustration, and half in pleasure as the diaper's effects grew. I could hear coos and encouragement coming from the audience as I started to reach my absolute limit. They were enjoying this. This was what they were here for.

Mommy pulled out a pair of transparent plastic pants, and, with help from the others, slipped them over me as I writhed my hips in defiance.

"Can't have any leaks now, and Boy are you gonna leak!...do it for Mommy....leak your brains out..."

I wailed in rebellion as more and more of my resistance became stored in my bladder. My eyes opened wide as I felt something inside of me begin to give away.

" I love this part when they realize they can't escape!" The scientist yelled in a complete state of rapture while she watched me.

"That's it...that's it baby just let it happen...You can hold it as much as you want, but that will just make it worse...Mommy is here...Mommy will help you..."

Just then, I heard a chant building from the audience:

Free the pee!!

Free the pee!!

Free the pee!!

The chant entranced me and was like a battering ram to what little resistance I had left.

Mommy placed her hand firmly on the front of my diaper as she massaged my bladder directly. She held my fate directly in her hands.

'It's time Jimmy", she said as she expertly massaged my bladder as the last bit of my resistance faded away. "Do you feel that? That is your bladder giving into me. Say bye bye to your potty training!" She laughed gleefully. "It's being flushed down the toilet where it belongs! Now do you have any last words?"

My mind stuttered as I hesitated. I could only think of one thing:

"I WANT TOOO PEEEEEEEEE!!!!"

Did you hear that?", Mommy said turning to the crowd. "He wants to pee!"

The crowd burst out in sinister laughter, no longer able to hold themselves back.

"Ready Jimmy? We'll all do it together. On the count of 3...ready? 1, 2, 3 WEEEEEEEEEE!"

She let go of my bladder and the dam burst. Pee came out of my penis like a firehouse with a satisfying Hissssss as a stain on my diapie continued to grow. My eyes rolled into the back of my head as everything continued to pour out. I was overwhelmed by pleasure. This went on for several minutes as everyone watched and cheered. All of my fear, all of my worries, all of my thoughts, were just being urinated right out of me and into my warm squishy diapie.

Eventually, it became too much, and as I stared into Mommy's eyes, my diaper started to leak as my eyes started to glaze over. My plastic pants began to fill, and I started to drool in bliss as what was left of my brain started to fill up past my knees. The pants continued to fill as pee covered my waist until pee had covered and submerged the very source of my relief

Just when it seemed like the pants may not be enough, the peeing stopped and I let out a contented gurgle, which was met with a round of applause.

"Come on baby...Let's go home."

I was going to a good little diaper slave for Mommy.

###

I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, or you simply want to give me critisism please post a reply. I would highly appreciate any sort of feedback.

*012*2018-06-17 03:50

{{On 6/14/2018 at 9:14 PM, Anubis said:

This was an excellent story though. Hopefully you come up with some new ideas in the future. I'd love to see what sort of stories you can come up with, after this.

}}

Ya, I have a list of ideas, and probably at the bare minimum two more stories I could start right now. I wouldn't mind exploring this universe a bit more from different angels, or generallt messing around with the content tags on the next thing I write.

For this story I just made content guidelines and stuck to them, but it could have went in a lot of directions. There is also the possibility that I might write something non omo related, and more traditionally pornographic. Most likely it will keep the same 'trapped' tone regardless of what I write. For now im just letting things sit for a few days before I commit to another story.

{{28 minutes ago, YourFNF said:

I am so confused.

}}

How so? Though to be fair I write weird stuff, so if its confusing in that it's weird af I understand the sentiment.

