Laura's Desperate Bus Ride

Author: kokandra123

*000*2012-10-12 19:06

This is the first story I'm posting here. If you guys like it, I'll post more. It mianly involves female desperation.

PS: I've already posted this story on another omorashi site, so some of you might have already read it :)

###

Laura looked at her watch as she sat down on the bus stop. The bus was due any minute now. She placed her shopping bags down on the floor and waited, tired of the day’s activities.

Today she had done a long-awaited visit to the city’s shopping centre with her friend Miranda, and boy had they had fun. Shopping was Laura’s favourite pastime, which explained why she was so ladened with bags as she waited for her bus to arrive and take her home. Shoes, tops, skirts, jeans, household goods – you name it, she’d bought it.

Laura was a well-liked girl – she had lovely straight black hair that she let flow over her back, beautiful green eyes and a cute face. She was a 25-year old of average height, though a bit taller than most of her girl friends, slim, though not extra thin, and had a wonderful character, which was why she had so many friends.

Sitting on the bus stop, she hoped that her bus wouldn’t be late. It was 5pm, which was the middle of the rush hour, which always made her ½ hour journey home seem like ages. She’d be lucky if she arrived home within the hour. This was inconvenient because her fiancée was going to pick her up at around 7pm, and she really wanted to look good for him tonight.

Ahh, there was the bus, right on schedule. Laura picked up her bags, showed the driver her ticket and found an empty seat, which, due to her heavy load of shopping, she took all by herself. Having sat down, she leaned back onto the window, crossed her legs and waited for the inevitable traffic. Feeling hot inside the old bus, she took off her scarf, which she had worn due to the chilly conditions outside, along with a green sweatshirt, dark blue jeans and black wellington boots that came up to right below her knees.

The radio on the bus was playing some kind of 80’s music. After about 15 minutes, the first signs of a huge traffic jam began to emerge – cars at a standstill and people finding time to exit their cars and stroll on the pavements in impatience.

“Shit” thought Laura, “I knew it was a mistake to catch the bus so late. Now I’m going to be late for Robert. I still have to take a shower, plus I could do with a visit to the loo as well”. She gave her crotch a quick squeeze. Although she had a tingly feeling of needing to pee, she wasn’t yet at desperation level. However, the large Coke she had drunk at the bar with Miranda when they had stopped for a quick snack almost an hour ago was beginning to make its presence felt. She was usually a prudent girl, however, the rush of not wanting to miss the bus had made her forget all about going to the loo at the bar. Now it’s been almost 6 hours since her last visit, and apart of the Coke she also had a bottle of water squirming in her bladder.

Laura sighed and closed her eyes; might as well get some rest if I’m going to be here for a long time. Her thoughts drifted to the day’s happenings – meeting Miranda after such a long time, the glances she had received from some cute young guys, the shrimp sandwich she had eaten about an hour ago….. She opened her eyes with a start. Apparently the driver had got impatient and started blowing his horn with all his might. Laura looked at her watch; 5.40. On other days she would be home right now; today they hadn’t even done half the journey. The pressure in her bladder was rising, making her feel uncomfortable. She squirmed to find a better position, however, the tingly feeling remained. Ahh…the bus was moving; it stopped again after 5 seconds; started again, this time at snail’s pace.

She was never going to make it home in time; she fished her mobile out of her handbag and sent a message to her fiancée – “I’m going to be late babe, stuck in traffic. Better we meet at 8, sorry, bye, xxx”.

6’o clock came and went; the bus had hardly moved a 100 metres. Laura was now really feeling the need for a pee, constantly shifting her legs. “Shit” she thought to herself “I really need a wee”. She leaned back and thought about other times she’s been desperate, which were not many because of her prudence. One instance was at school when she was still 16. Despite needing to pee during break quite badly, she had put it off and off in order to keep chatting with her friends, who included a guy she really liked. The bell for class rang without her noticing how much time had passed. She asked the teacher to allow her to visit the ladies, however, the reply was “You should have gone during break”. So she spend an hour of Math squirming and tightly crossing her legs, which attracted the attention of some guys sitting next to her, much to her embarrassment. Luckily she made it without losing control and rushed into the loo as soon as the teacher left the classroom.

That time she’d made it; however, now at 25 years old, she was facing the humiliating prospect of being desperate on a public bus. The pressure on her bladder was making her stomach ache; she really wanted to open the button of her jeans, however, then she would be unable to put it back on when she got to getting off the bus. She looked across to the side of the road; there were many inviting restaurants and bars, all most probably with loos. “Should I take the risk and pop in while the traffic is at a standstill?” She decided against this; she didn’t want to leave her shopping bags on their own in the bus, plus, she didn’t want other people to know how badly she needed a wee. “No, I’ll hold on like a grown up girl; I’m not a baby any more” was her decision, while giving her crotch another quick squeeze, an action which she was doing very frequently.

6:30, and Laura was in a very bad state. She was constantly crossing and uncrossing her legs, which was difficult in the tightly enclosed space between the bus seats. It probably was obvious to the other passengers to see how desperate she was, even though she tried to keep on an innocent face. She was probably even more desperate than that day in Math class. 10 minutes later and Laura was on the verge of losing control; however, luckily the bus had gone through the traffic and was driving through some quiet side streets. She’d be home in 5 minutes. Laura plucked up all of her strength to hold on, putting her handbag on her crotch in order to hide her hand, which was constantly squeezing her vagina. Her poor belly was swollen up like a balloon.

Now that she was getting closer and closer to home, Laura thought of another problem. How was she to get up without losing control? And plus she had about 5 bags to carry. After worrying for a moment, she remembered something her friend Kylie had told her a few weeks back. Kyle had been recounting to Laura and Miranda about how she had been drinking one Saturday night and then caught the subway without managing to use to loo before. On the subway she had become increasingly desperate, and as the trip neared the end of its journey, she had the same problem that Laura had now. Her solution: let some go.

Let enough go to release the pressure on her bladder without losing control and wetting her jeans. The more Laura thought about this plan, the more feasible it seemed to her, given her situation. By now her posture had changed, and instead of tightly crossing her legs, she was constantly opening and closing her legs in an effort to keep control; she was sure that if she stopped moving her legs she would pee herself. Obviously, this constant wriggling caught the eye of some passengers on the bus, however, Laura did not give a damn.

She decided to implement Kylie’s plan-of-the-last-resort, as she named it. Bending forward, she closed her eyes and concentrated, and then let some drops go. She had to fight hard to stop those small drops from becoming a flood, and when she did regain control, it seemed to her that the action had only increased the pressure on her bladder, not reduced it. Now that she had let some go, she wanted to let it all go. “Maybe Kylie had not been as desperate as I am” she thought “and that’s why she was able to gain control”.

Her stop was coming closer and closer; two more stops and she’d be there. In an effort to hold on, Laura bent forward and tightly pressed her thighs together. Good thing she had sent her boyfriend a message to come for her later; she didn’t want him to see her like this. One stop…two stops, and Laura’s stop approached. She readied her bags in her hands – she didn’t want to have to stay bending down to pick them up when she got up. The bus approached her stop. Laura got up, however, due to the enormous pressure on her bladder, had to bend her back forward. Fighting the enormous urge to press her hands between her legs, she walked as fast as she could off the bus.

As the bus was driving away, Laura did a small pee dance in the middle of the street. Fortunately, it was a quiet street and no one was around at the time. She braced herself to walk the last few steps to her home, holding her bags in front of her crotch so that she could hold herself without anyone noticing. She arrived at her door, placed her bags on the floor and fished for her keys. At one time she had to cross her legs and hold on for dear life to stop herself from losing control, however, a few squirts did manage to escape her.

Finding her keys, she opened to door, and without bothering to bring in her bags or closing the door, rushed into the bathroom, unbuttoned her jeans with difficulty due to her panic, sat down, and immediately pee gushed out from her like never before. “Gosh, what a relief” she thought “I’ve never been so desperate before”. She got up from the toilet, took off her undies do to their dampness, pulled up her jeans, and went to get in her bags, before undressing and taking a nice long shower.

