The perfect boyfriend - a fanfic/story - Page 6

Author: Little Widow

*126*2013-09-05 19:14

{{: 

How long do I need to wait? I feel like I am dying here. I love this story that much. I am a details person so I do notice that. I am sure you will have it work out. I cannot wait to see Kendall and Katie together and see why James is crying. He is such a sweet guy.

}}

I'm hoping to have it up by this weekend or the beginning of next week. I'm half-way theeeerrree! xD Sorry. But yeah. :)

*128*2013-09-08 02:01

Who wants a teaser? ;) SOON.

"He took off the pull-up, didn't he?" Lucy asked. Katie nodded, feeling awful for confessing. "Did I ever tell you I was into AB/DL?"

"What's that?" Camille asked warily.

"Adult baby and diaper lovers," Lucy and Katie answered together, blinking at each other in surprise.

"How do you-"

"I have my own kinks and it can involve that at times," Katie said, blushing and going to the kitchen to get a drink. "The doctor said his kidneys took a good beating, and that his bladder was gonna be really weak for a while."

"How long?" Lucy asked.

*129*2013-09-10 00:21

So I've decided against a marathon update. Instead, I'll just post the two i have. :) I think you'll really like em so enjoy! :D

Episode 101: Big and little

"James, what happened?" Katie asked.

"Accident," Camille mouthed. Katie looked at the clock and winced, coming over.

"James look at me," She said softly. "Lucy's gonna be here soon. I'll take care of the couch, go change and you need to put a pull-up on."

"But what about Lucy?" James cried.

"James which is worse? A pull up and no accident, or no pull-up and an accident on the date?" Katie asked. James was about to answer when there was a knock at the door.

"Just a minute!" Camille called.

"Go, I'll take care of this," Katie whispered. James nodded, running upstairs. Camille threw a blanket over the spot on the couch while Katie got the door.

"Hey Katie!" Lucy said, hugging the girl. "Oh my gosh is this okay?" Katie looked her over, it was the first time she'd ever seen Lucy in a dress.

"You look fabulous," Katie said.

"Thanks! So um, where's James?" Lucy asked, briefly glancing around.

"Oh, you know James," Katie said nervously.

"Yeahh so where is he?" lucy asked again. "Is that water running?"

"No," Katie whispered.

"You're nice, but honey you can't lie," Lucy said. "What's going on?"

"He'd kill us if we said anything," Camille said from the sofa.

"He took off the pull-up, didn't he?" Lucy asked. Katie nodded, feeling awful for confessing. "Did I ever tell you I was into AB/DL?"

"What's that?" Camille asked warily.

"Adult baby and diaper lovers," Lucy and Katie answered together, blinking at each other in surprise.

"How do you-"

"I have my own kinks and it can involve that at times," Katie said, blushing and going to the kitchen to get a drink. "The doctor said his kidneys took a good beating, and that his bladder was gonna be really weak for a while."

"How long?" Lucy asked.

"Anywhere from a few days to a couple of months, and that's assuming it goes away," Katie explained. "He barely went along with the pull-up idea, but maybe you can help?"

"H-hey Lucy," James said nervously, a noticeable bulge in his jeans from the pull-up.

"Hey Jamie," Lucy said sweetly, pretending not to notice. "You okay?"

"Y-yeah, just uh, had to do my hair," He joked nervously.

"Whyyyy don't you two take it easy and head up to the apartment?" Katie offered. "You are in no position to be going out mister."

"Aww, Katie," James whined.

"I-I think it's a sweet idea," Lucy said softly. "Watch movies, snuggle..."

"I'll order pizza!" James said. "Can I have the apartment key Katie?" She tossed it to him, also giving him money for pizza.

"Don't touch anything in my room!" Camille said as the door closed. She then turned to Katie. "So how was work?" That was all it took, and Katie came running over, sobbing into Camille's chest and belly.

Episode 102: Teddy bear(s)

"So How was work?" Camille asked. That was all it took and Katie came running and buried her face in Camille's chest and belly. "Shh, it's okay, what happened? I promise you it isn't that bad."

"That's just it Camille, I don't know whether it all is or not!" Katie cried. "A lot happened today."

"Like what?" Camille asked. Katie looked up at her, and explained everything; Kendall calling, Gustavo's offer, the relapse, the hospital, everything she'd been holding in since Kendall left. "And if I go he'll see my arm and what then? He'll blame himself and he'll never leave!"

"Shh, Katie I think you're over-thinking all of this," Camille said calmly. "Do you want to see Kendall?" Katie nodded. "Then go see him. I think it would do you a lot of good to see him, healthy and strong. And do you want to be a singer?"

"I-I-I dunno sissy, that's just it," Katie said. "If I do I can't be a writer then!"

"No said you have to give up writing, and none of us want you to," Camille said, stroking the girl's hair. "If anything, it would give you the ability to kick-start a writing career. Just let it go and we'll talk with Carlos later, okay?"

Katie nodded. "Speaking of which where is he?"

"He left with Logan and neither of them would tell me where they were going, only that James was my man servant until you got home," Camille sighed, making Katie giggle. "How about we order pizza for just the two of us, eh?" Katie nodded.

MEANWHILE ACROSS TOWN........

"Kendall said that one is too shiny," Carlos sighed as he read his phone.

"He's had a complaint about every ring we've looked at!" Logan exclaimed. They'd been ring hunting all afternoon. "He should just wait until he gets out."

"You KNOW he relapsed, which I don't even understand considering he's at a rehab center," Carlos sighed. "I dunno, maybe I should just go out with her later this week."

"And you think she's gonna buy that it's 'Just looking?'" Logan asked as they left.

"Leave that up to me!" Carlos said happily. "Now let's go home, Camille's probably dying to see you."

"No, she hates me," Logan said, exhaustion talking to his self-conscious side.

"No she doesn't and you know that," Carlos said seriously. "Come on, go home, eat, and Katie and I will help you with Cami all night long tonight."

"But you gotta look after James too," Logan sniffled, getting in the car.

"He's taken care of now sleep," Carlos said, starting the drive back to the Palmwoods.

MEANWHILE IN APARTMENT 4J...

"Isn't this nice?" Lucy asked, her head on his tummy, not realizing the predicament James was in.

"Y-yep!" He said, trying to hide the fact he was about to burst.

"What's wrong?" Lucy asked. "And don't say nothing because I know that's a lie."

"U-um I need to-" James squeaked and stopped then, his bladder releasing into the pull-up, only making the weird bulge in his pants grow. "I-I'm sorry," He whimpered, squeezing his eyes closed.

"You wet your pull-up didn't you?" Lucy asked softly.

James nodded. "How did you know?"

"Well for one it's been crinkling all night," Lucy giggled. "But um.... I-I've been into Adult Baby and Diaper Lovers for a looong time, and I knew when you walked downstairs that you were in one. But um.. why?"

"The doctor said that my kidneys were really affected by my diabetes so my bladder would be weak for a while," James explained. "He said it could last anywhere from a couple of days to months, and that's if it ever goes away. I could be stuck in this stupid diaper forever Luce!"

"Shh, Jamie it's okay," Lucy cooed, running her fingers through James' hair. "I think you look adorable in it. and so what if you'll never be back to the way it was? I.... I wouldn't mind if that happened, cuz I think you'd make a good baby."

"Really?" James sniffled. Lucy nodded and blushed.

"You probably think I'm a freak," She mumbled.

"Hey, I like feet, Katie thinks it's hot when I have an accident, and who KNOWS what Camille and Logan have done," James said. "To each their own. You think I'd make a good baby?"

Lucy nodded. "I actually have some diapers that should fit you if you want," She offered. "Do you want to?"

*132*2013-09-17 22:36

Hello again my lovely readers! :D Time for another update, though it really isn't my best. :P I'm setting up for more action, so bear with me okay? Let us begin! :D

Episode 103: Baby blue

"I actually have some diapers that should fit you at my place if you want to," Lucy offered.

"Wouldn't you rather I go commando?" James said with a smirk.

"Nope! not happening," Lucy said firmly. "Remember what happened at the hospital?"

"I'm still trying to forget that," James said, shaking as he began to cry. "I'm sorry Luce! I-I didn't mean to I-"

Lucy cut him off with a kiss suddenly. "I don't like it when you cry," She said softly, wiping his tears away. "You're too wonderful for it James."

James smiled and pulled her on top of himself. "You're the first person to want something more than sex from me," He whispered. Lucy smiled and continued to make out with him.

MEANWHILE DOWNSTAIRS IN 2J.....

"Heyyo!" Carlos said loudly as he bounced in to the apartment.

"SHHHH!" Camille hissed at him. "She's asleep and she had a really long day."

"Oh, sorry," Carlos said, scooping Katie up in his arms. "What happened?"

"Kendall wants her to come visit and Gustavo offered to make her own demo," Camille said.

"Dang, and Kendall relapsed," Logan said, joining the group on the couch. "That's kind of weird though, he relapsed the same day she did."

"I bet that's why he did it then, he couldn't see her on her birthday," Camille said. "You guys need some time away from everything."

"We have those tickets to six flags," Carlos remembered. "When did he want her to come down?"

"I dunno, probably this weekend," Camille said. "You could go around the middle of the week."

"Yeah, me, her, James.... wait who takes the fourth ticket?" Carlos asked.

"Logan," Camille said. "I can handle a day without you."

"No way I'm not leaving you!" Logan said sadly. "You heard the doctor she said no getting up and doing stuff on your own. It's your job to keep him safe and it's my job to keep you safe Cami. And I'm not leaving."

"What if someone stayed with me?" Camille asked.

"Like who?" Logan asked.

"Lucy?" Camille asked. "She's really qualified and she can keep me safe. And you're stressed, you need out sweetie."

"But I have to take care of you," logan whined.

"Baby you've been taking good care of me, but you're running yourself in to the ground right now," Camille said soothingly. "You've got to take care of yourself too. Go, and have fun. Lucy will take care of me, and I'll be fine."

"But-"

"No butts Logan," Katie said as she woke up. "If there's one thing I've learned it's that you have to take care of yourself when you take care of people. And that goes double for my sissy."

"Fine I'll come!" Logan relented. "But I want hourly check ins."

"Yay! I'll call Lucy once James gets home," Katie squealed.

SPEAKING OF WHICH.....

Lucy smiled at James, who was currently passed out on her bed thanks to the sex hormone underneath her, and diapered.

*134*2013-09-22 00:45

{{: 

OMG. I love it. You are so good at this. I cannot wait for more. I miss Kendall.

}}

Thanks! :) And don't worry, Kendie is still very much alive and well, as you will soon see. ;)

*136*2013-09-28 10:02

{{: 

How much longer? I know I am being a pest I just cannot wait. Life takes priority though. I know it can be hard being a writer and everything else you do.

}}

I've got a case of writers block on the next chapter. :/ plus I've had computer restrictions. I should have it up in the next week or so! :)

*138*2013-09-29 04:56

{{: 

Okay. If you need some help with writers block or something just let your fans know.

}}

You are seriously the sweetest. :) all of you are. You seriously brighten my day, every time you comment here.

*140*2013-09-30 21:10

Who wants a new update? :) I'm a bit stuck so I apologize for this one taking so long. But trust me, you'll enjoy what I have farther down the road. ;D

Episode 104: Midnight mayhem

(Blah blah blah I'm timeskipping again, to right before bed....)

"James Mathew Diamond you are wearing protection to bed!" Katie said firmly.

"I am not! I'm out of the hospital and my blood sugar is normal, so therefore I won't have wet sheets!" James argued.

"James you couldn't hold it on your date," Katie pointed out matter-of-factly. "You had an accident because you couldn't hold it, and you've barely made it the past two days. Do you really think you're gonna make it through the night like this?"

"Well I guess we're gonna find out," James said bitterly, getting in to his bed and falling asleep. Katie sighed, going down to check on Camille, Logan, and Carlos.

"Don't be afraid to come get me," Logan mumbled, almost asleep on his feet.

"That's what Carlos is for, now to bed with you," Camille ordered gently.

"Night Logan," Carlos said happily. Katie sighed in relief when he went to bed. "So how have you been sleeping?" Carlos asked Camille.

"I've just curled up against Logan here on the couch," she yawned. "He's a very good pillow."

"So's Carlos," Katie said, going to the kitchen to get her meds.

"Welp, looks like I'm being a pillow for both of you tonight," He said with a yawn. Katie came over and curled up against Carlos like always, Camille doing the same.

2 IN THE MORNING......

James woke with a gasp, sitting upright. He slowly calmed down before his heart began racing; He'd wet the bed again.

"Shit!" He said, slamming his fist against the wall. He angrily balled his sheets up and stomped downstairs, forgetting the three sleeping people on the sofa, two of which were helping Camille back from the bathroom herself.

"James?" Camille asked, making the boy freeze and Katie face palm.

"N-n-n-no!" He said, shoving his sheets behind him.

"What are you doing up?" Camille asked, seeing the sheets.

"N-n-nothing just uh-"

"And why are your sheets behind you?"

"Oh um-"

"Did you wet the bed?"

"Psh, I'm a man," He said, trying to lean on the railing but falling flat onto his back and the sheets, revealing the wet spot.

"....What's going on?" Camille asked gently. That was all it took and James ran out the front door, his only intention to get to Lucy's place.

"Sissy?" Katie asked sleepily. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing K," Camille said, sitting back down.

"Not true," Katie yawned. "What happened?"

".....What's been going on with James?" Camille asked.

"What do you mean?" Katie asked.

"He had an accident earlier and he just wet the bed," Camille stated simply. "Is there something I should know?"

"Yeah, his diabetes did a number on his kidneys, so he's s'posed to wear pull-ups until it stops, but even then it might not," Katie mumbled, falling back asleep against Camille.

MEANWHILE UPSTAIRS.....

"I'm coming I'm coming!" Lucy said, having woken to a constant knocking on her door. She opened it, slightly surprised to see James standing there.

"I need your help!" He said, almost in tears.

*142*2013-10-09 17:10

Time for an update! :D And yes, I censored some words. Judge me. :P I just like to keep it clean okay? And besides this is MY STORY. :P Just read.

Episode 105: Night, Morning, NO.

"I need your help!" James said, tears streaming down his cheeks. "Camille caught me!"

"Oh James," Lucy said, hugging him. "Come on, I'll make hot chocolate."

TEN MINUTES, A DIAPER AND TWO CUPS OF HOT CHOCOLATE LATER.....

"How did Camille react?" Lucy asked as she gave James a mug.

"I ran before she had a chance to do anything," James sniffled. "It's not her I'm worried about though, I'm scared she'll tell Logan."

"Why?" Lucy asked curiously. "What could he do?"

"Well.... It was last summer, before school started," James sighed. "We went to the amusement park, and I talked Logan into riding 'The Scream.' He had had a big soda and um... it didn't end well." James blushed. "He didn't even make it off the ride platform and everyone was staring and laughing. He blamed me."

"I think he would have pity on you James, not make fun of you," Lucy said.

"Don't make me go back!" James begged in panic.

"Shh, baby I'm not gonna make you do anything tonight," Lucy cooed, running her fingers through the boy's hair. "You can stay with mommy tonight okay?" James nodded, sucking his thumb, which he hadn't done since the night he flopped the audition with Gustavo. "Come on, carry me to bed baby."

James giggled and did as he was told.

THE NEXT MORNING.....

Logan woke bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, eager to start the day and help Camille. He tiptoed out of his room and was about to leave when he saw the sheets on the floor.

What the heck? He asked himself. He decided to investigate and realized they were wet. He sighed, thinking it was Katie again, and took them down to the basement to wash. When he came back up the said girl was stirring and whimpering, pulling Carlos' thumb to her mouth again.

"Katie, wake up," Logan cooed, gently rubbing her shoulder. Katie woke with a gasp, whimpering. "You okay?"

"Yeah," She whispered, blushing at the thumb in her mouth. "Can you get Perry from upstairs?" Logan nodded, running up to the room, but then he saw the package of pull-ups for James. He completely burst into laughter, which Katie could hear clearly down the stairs. She slowly untangled herself from Carlos' arms and hurried up. "What the hell are you laughing at?!"

"James' diapers!" Logan hiccuped as he fell over on the bed. Katie stomped his foot and grabbed her platypus.

"The f--k is wrong with you?!" She snapped.

"OW!" Logan shouted. "What the hell?!"

"You're laughing at someone for something out of their control that's what the hell!" Katie snarled. "That's as bad as picking on him for needing insulin shots Logan because his diabetes is the whole reason he needs them!"

"You're kidding right?"

"Logan Mitchell I am not f--king kidding!" Katie said. "Diabetes affects the kidneys pretty bad, and his took an extra bad beating. His bladder is really weak and this may never go away. Why would you treat him any different than you did the night you met me?"

*LE FLASHBACK TO THE NIGHT THEY MET*

"There's a girl on your couch with wet pants," Logan said. "Who is she?"

"My cousin?" Camille tried.

"You told me you were the baby of all your cousins," Logan countered. "Who is she?"

"Alright," Camille sighed. "Remember two weeks ago when I went to visit some family in Texas?"

"Yeah."

"I had stopped to get food and was about to leave when I found her bleeding in the bathroom, out cold. Her family had disowned her and she was living on the street. So I told her I'd bring her home with me."

"Camille... Are you sure? I mean-"

"Logan I've never been more sure about anything. She needs a home. She's so precious. But she's got stitches in her arm, so don't bring it up. Just go straight to the kitchen, alright?" Logan nodded, doing as he was told as Camille went to the couch. "Katie, wake up."

Katie's eyes fluttered open before she whimpered. "I'm sorry."

"No big deal, couches clean," Camille said. "Go get a shower, then I want you to meet someone special to me, okay?" Katie nodded tearily, sulking to the shower.

FIFTEEN MINUTES LATER.....

"Hey, show me your arms," Camille said as Katie emerged. The girl did as she was told. "Tummy?"

Katie shook her head. "Who'd you want me to meet?" She asked softly.

"My boyfriend," Camille said.

"H-he didn't catch me did he?" Katie asked shakily.

"Shhh, he's not gonna make fun of you," Camille said, leading the girl to the kitchen table.

"Hey," He said, flashing his perfect smile. "Nice to meet you. And don't worry, your secret is safe with me."

*LE END OF FLASHBACK*

"And yet you're doing the exact opposite to James," Katie said coldly. "And I KNOW what happened last summer at the amusement park."

"Y-you wouldn't tell James, would you?" But before Katie could answer, the door opened downstairs.

*147*2013-10-25 01:57

Really? Cuz I am soooo stuck on how to have James and Logan and Camille sit down and talk about it all. :P the rest I can probably figure out but that's just killing me at the moment.

