Life sucks, and then you die.

Author: satyr

*011*2015-04-13 18:33

I recently learned that a medium Starbucks coffee, or whatever Italian name they have for it, is actually freaking huge. And since I'd bought it, I had to drink it all. Fuelled by this caffeine bomb, after vacuuming my room and doing some laundry, I got over writer's block. I don't drink coffee much. I promised you some more of this story if you all liked it, and here it is.

If there was one thing Kaley hated more than crying babies, barking dogs, corn flakes, and trying to squeeze the last bit out of a tube of tooth paste, it was boredom. Her life had gone from apathy to restless ennui. Suicide? Why think about it. It was boring. To die and be nothing for the rest of eternity was the ultimate boredom. She was not depressed anymore. She felt like a real human being, albeit one in the terminal stages of long, drawn out, boring boredom. She needed an out. Something to break the cycle of one thing after another, the next less interesting than the one before. What she needed was a large bottle of water, an energy drink, and a smile. She had already downed the water, and now she sat on a bench in the city square, tapping her foot and sipping on the energy drink.

It was a fine spring day. Birds were singing. Did they never get tired of the same songs? Were they really communicating with each other? What could birds possibly have to say to to each other? Let's go back to the nest and make some sweet, sweet love? Kaley had read that birds mate by flying into each other, joining their cloaca—their one hole—to transfer the seed from male to female. Gross. What if humans mated via butt bumping? But at least it wasn't boring. It was something else. Her foot was restless. What do bird watchers get out of it? Sitting out there in the forest with their binoculars or cameras with long lenses. Don't they get bored?

Sitting here was no use. Kaley got up and finished the energy drink. Time to do some window shopping. She crossed the square and entered a shopping center with bright, big advertising boards promising thirty, forty, fifty percent off on items she would never need if not for the fact that they were too cheap to pass up. The essence of capitalism. Create a market where there is none; identify something people don't need, and make them want it.

Then sell it just slightly cheaper than the competitors, but still expensive enough that you could afford to pay the third world sweat shop workers a liveable wage, but why bother when you could get away with not doing so? Kaley's cynical world view was still intact. She stopped for a moment and felt the contests of her stomach slush against the walls. She was restless, but not from ennui. The feeling inside her flushed her cheeks. It felt like hydraulic tubes inside of her were filling, that pistons were gearing up, clockwork starting up, gears turning, alarm lamps switching from green to yellow. She was excited, and ready to peruse expensive stores for items she could afford, but didn't need.

Kaley entered the nearest store, a perfume shop. The clerk was an attractive woman, about thirty, with tastefully red lips. If Kaley was gay, she'd so do her, but she was not. She stopped for a moment to admire the woman's curves, and couldn't tell if it was because she wanted to be her or because the growing sexual tension inside her was just looking for an outlet, any outlet, even one that swung the other way.

'May I help you with something?' the clerk asked in the insincerely cheerful manner of salespeople everywhere.

'Oh, I was just looking for a new perfume. It's like my usual one isn't cutting it anymore. I'm bored of it,' Kaley said. She wasn't looking for perfume. She was wearing one that blended sensually with all the other smells in the store. Walking into a perfume shop is kind of like walking into a bakery. You can never buy that one thing that smells so good because it's a mix of everything.

'I have a few personal favorites!' said the woman. She sounded almost like she actually cared. Maybe she did. Not everyone hates their job. Just sane people. Kaley recalled a comedian's joke: 'Hate your job? There's a support group for that. It's called everybody and they meet in a bar.'

The clerk walked over and picked out a sample bottle. 'Would you like to try it on?' Almost before Kaley could answer yes, the clerk had sprayed it on her wrist. Kaley sniffed at it. It smelled good. But it probably cost an arm and a leg, and possibly the soul of her firstborn child. Kaley shifted her legs. That energy drink was doing its job. She was alert, almost peppy, at least for her, and so was her bladder. It was making itself known. I'm here, bitch. Better deal with me! A sane person would have gone to the bathroom half an hour ago. Before finishing that energy drink. Kaley was feeling that tingling, the one that precedes the stage where one cannot stand still for more than ten seconds. She smiled. A genuine smile, perhaps the first one in a week. She was enjoying this.

'Mhhm,' she said. 'It smells good, sure. But it's not quite what I'm looking for.' For the next quarter of an hour, the clerk went through half her inventory, it seemed, and for each one, Kaley had a kind word and a follow-up complaint. The clerks demeanor changed from all smiles to poorly hidden irritation. Kaley was deliberately stringing her along, dragging out the time with no intention of buying anything. Finally she shot the clerk a smile and turned. Over her shoulder, she said: 'Maybe I'll come back later. Thanks for all the help, sweetie!' Why did she throw out 'sweetie'? It wasn't like her. Oh well. A woman could surely get away with that. Fairly innocent, and since she wasn't a guy, it wouldn't be misconstrued as hitting on her. Besides, she was leaving, and not looking back.

By now, she was definitely in don't-sit-still territory. Time for a coffee! Kaley entered the nearest coffee shop, ordered a large coffee, black, regular, no milk or sugar, just a regular coffee. None of that fancy crap. To go? Nope. She took her cup and found a seat. She definitely, absolutely needed to pee, no two ways about it. Kaley crossed her legs. Tapped her foot. She was trying to hide it and wanting someone to notice her at the same time. But everyone in the coffee shop was too busy chatting away with their friends or typing their miserable screenplays on MacBooks.

This wasn't Hollywood. Maybe they weren't screenplays. Maybe they were novels about lonely young men in the big city, sitting in cafés attempting to write the Next Big Novel, their big break, and struggling with writer's block and the urge to stab themselves in the eye with a fork. If only these people were desperate to pee more often, they might not be so bored. Maybe their life would be filled with more excitement. She drank her coffee and felt her belly grow hot, and it wasn't the only part of her that was tingling. Kaley smiled. Everything was going according to plan. And that plan was poor planning.

The poor woman, mid twenties, sharp dress, just out shopping. Getting so caught up in shopping that she neglected to visit the bathroom. Surely the sensible thing would be to go now, when she was starting to get desperate, but who had time for that? She had money to waste, workers to exploit by proxy, evil corporations to support with her wallet. This woman had no time for bodily functions. The thought of it had Kaley suppressing a giggle. She imagined herself as this character, the superficial shopper with no time for the bathroom. Poor woman. She would soon learn the limits of her bladder. She would be humiliated. But it was her own fault. Her own fault for ignoring her body. What a shame. She should be ashamed of herself for getting into such a situation at her age. As her bladder began to sting painfully, Kaley imagined a backstory for her character.

She never learned. When she was thirteen—not Kaley, her fantasy alter ego—she had ice cream and soda for dinner, and then a big glass of juice with supper. It was her mother's birthday, so she was allowed to indulge. She danced along to the bathroom, where she brushed her teeth, then changed out of her pants into pajamas. Tip-toed happily into bed, where she still had two teddy bears she would hide whenever the cute-in-a-nerdy-way neighbor boy would come around. Kaley's alter feel asleep with a smile on her lips, thinking about birthdays. In the middle of the night, she woke up and something was wrong. She reached down between her legs. They were cold and wet. Her pajamas were soaked. Shamefully, she had to drag her bedding down to her parents' bedroom, a giant wet patch between her pajama legs announcing what she had done. Blushing, she had to explain to grumpy parents why the hell she was waking them up at four in the morning. 'Mom, I... I had an accident. I... wet the bed.'

When she was seventeen, on a road trip with friends, she was too occupied with gossip to make use of the chance to use the facilities at the gas station that served as their rest stop. Soon after they got rolling again, she was squirming. 'Kaley's alter ego, what's wrong?' Her friend... Tamsin, right, her friend 'Tamsin' said. That's about right for this character, to have a friend named Tamsin.

'Uh...' she answered. 'I kinda have to pee a little.'

'God, Kaley's alter, we just stopped like, thirty minutes ago.'

'I didn't go.'

'Of course you didn't. Idiot. Tough luck,' Tamsin said with a smile. 'We're not stopping so soon.'

An hour later, after she had leaked a bit in her panties, the dam burst. Urine pooling between her legs, flowing unrestrained out of her, wetting her panties and her jeans, gathering in the car seat below her, so that she was sitting in a stinking puddle. She began to cry. Sure she had wet herself before—at the movies once she didn't get home quite in time, then there was that time she went skiing, and—but never in front of her friends. She was devastated. Tamsin laughed at her and never let her forget it.

And now, today, so preoccupied with shopping that... Kaley was ripped out of her fantasy by a sharp wave pushing against her sphincter. Now she really couldn't sit still. She almost leaked; she'd been so into her little fantasy that she hardly concentrated on her very full, very real bladder. A close call. Time to go.

Fantasizing had got her juices flowing. Metaphorically and literally. Time to implement the next step in operation poor planning. Where to stage her little mis-en-scène? She entered one clothing store, but it had no customer toilets. Kaley had to stop and cross her legs for a second. How exciting! She actually had to cross her legs for a second in order not to pee her pants. How many adult women have to do that? This day wasn't boring at all. It was the most fun she'd had since that fateful plane ride.

Kaley continued her quest for an audience, stopping here and there to cross her legs, once discreetly putting her hand in between them to get some dry relief. Her panties definitely weren't all dry, but not on account of any leaks. Kaley considered deliberately leaking. Just a little bit. She was now in the upper ranges of the desperation scale, and it would be so easy. Lighten the hold a tiny bit, and get some relief. Give in for a moment. Really stress the precarious situation she was in. But the truth was that Kaley didn't know if she could stop it once she began going. She didn't want to wet herself. Not here, not yet. All in due time. Although there were people around, none of them were paying her any mind. She wanted an audience to her loss of control, not just the aftermath.

Finally she found a suitable stage. A fast food joint full of people gobbling burgers, and just one customer toilet. Free refills on soda and coffee. There was a line to the restroom. Of course there was. It was the busiest time of day, and people were eating and drinking their hearts out. What goes in must come out, like what goes up must come down. Except space rockets, she supposed. But somehow she doubted these people's pee was capable of escaping the Earth's gravitational influence. Much less her own bladder-full of urine. She got in line behind an older woman. In front of the woman were three other people. Kaley was number five. And now she really couldn't avoid putting her hand between her legs. Her bladder was entering the final countdown. It was time for her character to shine.

Kaley did an exaggerated potty dance that definitely caught the eye of some people eating nearby. One teenage boy stared wide-eyed at this young woman obviously desperate to pee. Kaley laid it on thick. She was desperate, perhaps even in terminal descent towards an inevitable catastrophy, but even in her position, this was a little excessive. Just as she had planned. 'Ma'am, please!' She said to the woman in front of her, tapping on her shoulders. 'Could I please, please jump in line? I really don't think I can make it in time!' She continued her frantic potty dance, like a three-year-old girl.

The woman had no sympathy. 'Wait in line like the rest of us,' she said simply, and turned her back to Kaley. 'Oh my god,' said Kaley, bending over to give the pimpled teenager a good luck at her ass, with her fingers wrapped around her crotch, sticking out slightly between her butt cheeks. Then she straightened herself up, and walked out of the joint, cursing no one in particular. She figured she had maybe fifteen minutes until nothing in the power of Man or God could stop her from having an accident. And she intended to use those minutes wisely. She figured she would have barely made it if the line continued inching forward at the same pace, and she wanted to have a genuine accident. That would be in character for her.

Kaley's alter ego, however, had other plans. Screw the bathrooms, she'd pee at home. Silly woman, Kaley thought, smiling at herself. Her alter needed to pick up a few groceries before heading home, so Kaley swung by a supermarket. She picked up a basket and wandered absent-mindedly through the aisles, picking up an item here and there and throwing them in her basket just so it seemed she was doing some actual shopping. Every aisle, she had to look in front of and behind herself to check that no one was looking, and then choose the moment when someone was to bend over and cross her legs and hop around in dire need of a bathroom. Finally she passed by an aisle with baby food, and on the other end, baby diapers. Hmm. She had never even considered them before.

Wouldn't that spoil the fun? Kaley glanced at the tiny diapers, and then her eyes stuck onto one pack: For girls ages 8-15, it said. Because a good night is a dry one. Could she fit into those? Wouldn't that be boring? On the other hand, she had thought about recreating her accident in bed at fifteen, the one that had scared her off pee fun for many years. But she'd never made a serious attempt, because she couldn't be bothered with the cleanup. But what if she were wearing... Could she fit into one of those? Only one way to find out. Kaley chucked the pack into her basket. Just then, she felt an irresistible force push against the immovable fortress of her pee hole, and it turned out to be eminently movable. She spurted into her panties. They stuck to her, wet, and when she looked down, a tiny little spot, almost invisible to the naked eye, had appeared in her jeans crotch. Kaley's time was running out. Time to implement the final stage of her plan.

Kaley turned around and headed for the checkout lanes. She chose one with a single person in front of her. An elderly man who took his time putting up his grociers for the cashier to ring up. She was a young girl, maybe sixteen, with blond hair in a bun. Very cute. Just what Kaley wished she'd been at sixteen. Another wave hit her, and she had to bend over. For real this time, she felt like she'd literally explode if she didn't. In doing so, she bumped into a young mother who had gotten in line behind her with her daughter—who was maybe six, Kaley estimated when she turned around to apologize to the perplexed mother. She'd probably never seen an adult woman this desperate before. Lucky her. She would be here to witness the finale. Kaley was sure of it, or she'd make sure of it.

Finally the elderly gentleman was done, and it was Kaley's turn. Her basket was full of stuff she'd chucked in without looking at them. Ramen noodles? She'd eaten enough of that in college. Shampoo of a brand she'd never used before. Gooddamn pickles. She hated those as much as she despised crying babies. Kaley decided to start with the diapers for older girls. Pink package. 'Hi! How's your day going?' she asked the cashier girl, shooting her a smile that turned into a grimace as another wave wracked her.

'Oh, it's going...' the girl's smile flickered for a second when she saw the diapers. Kaley wasn't old enough it was plausible she had a daughter in the age bracket, a bedwetter, and perhaps young and slim enough that she could be buying them for herself. Or 'a friend.' Sure. But the girl got her smile going again after a cursory glance. 'I'm really good, thank you,' she said, picking up the diapers.

At that moment, the grand finale hit. Here come the fireworks. Another wave, the Mother of All Pee Waves. Poseidon himself with his pitchfork and crown of seaweed—or whatever—was riding this wave. If Kaley could withstand this wave, she definitely couldn't sustain the tsunami coming after. She gave in or lost control or both. Kaley's smile grew wider for a moment as the tingling downstairs approached a spontaneous crescendo, before she remembered she was supposed to be terrified. She was peeing herself, loudly and publicly. 'Look mom, that lady's pee-peeing in her pants!' the girl behind her piped. 'Hush, baby,' said the mother. Kaley didn't look back. She looked down in an imitation of shame; actually she was admiring her work. The pee came rushing out unrestrained, hitting the wall of her panties—white, so the pee would hopefully stain them yellow—and bursting into her blue jeans.

A waterfall starting at her crotch, the draining of an enormous dam, signed for by Poseidon himself. The pee ran along the insides of her thighs, the fabric clinging to her skin, into her shoes and splashing loudly into the puddle growing at her feet. Kaley had goosebumps. She had to suppress an orgasm. Time for that later. Wouldn't be appropriate in front of a child. Oh, how she wanted it. She'd never wanted anything as badly in her life, except possibly a cure for cancer and nosy neighbors. One shot, you're immune to both. But the thought was like a faint echo. All she could see was her accident unfolding, and all she could hear was the hiss and splatter of it.

Somewhere far away, the cashier forgot her professional attitude. 'Oh my god! You're literally peeing your pants... I mean, I'm so sorry!' Kaley kept on peeing. An adult woman peeing herself attempting to buy a pack of diapers. She could hear the mother and child taking a step back behind her to avoid the puddle. Kaley was white hot. A supernova. Sweat was dripping off her forehead. She had no control. It wasn't a game. Not anymore. She could not stop peeing until she was finished. By the time the flood turned into dribbles, she had thoroughly drenched her pants, pee was between her legs, a little up her butt, even on the front of her shirt. She was dripping, and couldn't suppress a little moan she hoped would be taken for agony, not ecstasy.

Finally, Kaley looked up and met the eyes of the cashier girl. She blushed. Genuinely. This was really embarrassing, not just for her alter ego the superficial shopper with a little bladder problem (perhaps it was bladder ADHD). It was embarrassing for Kaley. She loved to hate it, but she didn't hate the way she loved it. She was having fun. The embarrassment was the icing on the cake.

'Oh my god,' said the cashier. 'I'm so sorry... I'll get someone to clean this up. Are you okay? I mean, I'm sorry, but if I was you I wouldn't be. Again, I'm so...' She clearly didn't know what to say.

'I'm so sorry,' Kaley said. She cast her eyes down. 'I thought I could hold it,' she whispered. She even managed a tear. There was no distinction between fantasy and reality anymore.

'It's gonna be alright,' the girl whispered back. The only thing she could think of to say, Kaley guessed. Drip, drip, drip. When she took a step forward, her shoes sloshed. 'I'm gonna get someone to clean this up,' the girl repeated. 'You just stay here, and...'

'I'd like to just go, if that's okay,' Kaley said.

The girl blushed. 'Of course, of course! I wouldn't want to keep you!'

Kaley walked out of the store in her peed jeans, head downcast just long enough to disappear from the girl's sight, and then she looked up and smiled. She was attracting glances. A young boy pointed; his father whispered to him something along the lines of 'it's impolite to point at people.' A teenage girl gawked. Two teenage boys showed a mixture of disgust and boy hormones, and she caught them staring longingly at her ass when she passed them. Halfway across the square, Kaley realized she still had some left in her, so she stopped and let out a five-second spurt, wetting her panties all over again.

She set out home to finish business. In all the excitement, no one noticed that she hadn't paid for her diapers.

*015*2015-09-03 15:38

I debated whether or not to post this. Is this story going in the wrong direction? Nah, I've decided it's just Kaley further exploring her fetish. Now that she's gotten over her shame, she's got a lot to make up for. I also like that this story is episodic. Each installment is somewhat self-contained within the context of the previous chapters. None set up a sequel or follow-up, but there's room for one if I feel like it. That way I won't feel bad about abandoning it, the way I've put some over-ambitious stories on indefinite hold. Enjoy!

'What is it you're looking to improve in your life?' Jacob asked. It was Kaley's first appointment in months.

'I guess I just want to be a real human being again, relate to people in a normal way, and be excited about life without having to become an adrenaline junkie. I need to break boundaries in order to feel alive. Otherwise, I just feel dead.' Kaley was being unusually forthcoming. She usually spoke in riddles and existential philosophy during her sessions. Kaley shifted in her chair and looked Jacob in the eyes, genuinely curious about his answer. There was little reason to think he would suddenly have a breakthrough, clouds parting, transcendental forces bestowing upon him the solution to all her problems. He had never been incompetent, but he hadn't exactly cured Kaley of depression either.

'What kind of boundaries are you talking about?'

'Sexual adventures, mostly.' She wasn't lying: it was just that they rarely involved other people. The exact nature of these adventures would remain private. What use would there be in telling her therapist about her deepest, most shameful desires? It wouldn't be the hot kind of embarrassment, nor the intriguing kind of social boundary to break. Kaley was trying to be subtle about her movements, but apparently she wasn't subtle enough. Instead of commenting on her statement, he made an observation.

'You seem nervous today. I don't know if you've even noticed, but you can't sit still. You're constantly wriggling around. A lot of people do that when they're nervous, and don't even notice it—we all have our nervous habits. Me, I bite my nails, or pens, or pencils, whichever is most immediately accessible. A colleague pointed it out to me recently, actually. I hadn't even noticed, even though I have a stack of gnawed-on pens and pencils and awfully jagged nails.'

At least he didn't expect the real reason for her jumpiness. Kaley had decided to be naughty. This was a new kind of transgression, being desperate in front of someone she had begrudgingly shared so much of herself with. Her closest confidant, really, which was sad given that she—her insurance rather, healthily subsidized by the state—was paying for it. Kaley hadn't peed since before breakfast. She'd had coffee with breakfast, sipped a bottle of water at work. She'd taken half the day off, something she had every right to do after all the overtime she'd been putting in, and had a late lunch before coming to see Jacob.

It was 2 PM by now. She'd felt the urge build as she ate her sandwich at a café, and by the time she sat down in Jacob's office, she was in serious need of a bathroom break. Kaley had no intention of asking for one, of course. That was her intention. It was impossible to sit completely still, and hiding her need from someone expertly trained in the art of observation and body language was apparently impossible. She needed a cover. Luckily, she was in a psychologist's office. Half the patients were nervous wrecks.

'I guess it's just this anxious energy I'm feeling,' Kaley said. 'I can't decide if it's excitement or anxiety. It's, like, balancing on the edge of a blade. Those two things are kind of two sides of the same coin, aren't they?' God, the mixed metaphors. 'Both are these states when your body is all amped up, but they feel so different.'

Jacob nodded. 'I think you're onto something there,' he said. 'Would you like to do a relaxation exercise?'

Kaley nodded. As long as it wasn't a bladder relaxation exercise.

'Okay. Make sure you're seated comfortably. Try to maintain good posture. No slouching. Okay? Good. I want you to gradually feel the tension, one body part after the other, and then release it, one body part at a time. Sit still, and focus on nothing but the feeling of your left leg. What's it like, can you feel the tension? Try to break away from any distractions. Don't think about the ceiling fan, don't look at anything in particular.' His voice was rather soothing, Kaley noticed. He'd make a good charlatan hypnotist. You are now feeling sleepy. I spiked your drink. 'Focus on the bodily sensation in your left leg. When you think you've got it, when your mind is fixed on that sensation, I want you to release the tension. Relax the muscles. You can feel them tensing up. Try not to fidget. Just focus on your left leg, then release the tension.'

Kaley tried to follow his directions. She felt her left leg, her foot touching the floor through her shoes, and indeed, her muscles were tense. Probably to do with the holding and the intense concentration she needed to exert not only to avoid peeing her pants, but also to hold still and not do the potty dance she so desperately needed. She tried to relax the muscles in her leg, and she felt the tension subside.

'Good,' said Jacob. 'Now, I want you to focus on your right leg. Fix your mind on the sensation, then release the tension.' She repeated the procedure, and felt her right leg relax.

'Good, good. Now I want you to focus on your upper thighs, the seat of your body, and your abdomen. Can you feel the tension?' Kaley was indeed clenching her ass cheeks like crazy, and giving her bladder muscles a good workout. She nodded. 'Good. Now relax.'

Kaley felt a look of panic flash over her face, eyes wide, as she forced herself to release the tension. She felt the muscles relax, and as they did, so did her iron grip on her bladder. She began peeing. It was only a minor leak: she felt it begin, a one-second shot of pee pushing past her lips, but it was enough to feel herself getting wet. But Kaley had a secret weapon. Under her tan skirt, she was wearing one of the diapers she'd gotten when she staged her accident at a grocery store, four weeks ago by now. This was the first time she'd put one on. It scared and excited her to think that someone might notice, but no one had said anything at the office, and Jacob clearly couldn't see up her skirt or guess what hid between her legs, nor would it be appropriate for him to do so.

Kaley had the odd sensation of urine warming her between the legs, and yet the diaper had absorbed it so well, it was just a faint feeling. But there was no mistake: she'd had a tiny accident. There was a crack in the dam. She didn't know what she'd do if she lost it completely in front of Jacob. Would he even notice? Kaley guessed there would be an audible hiss, although she'd never peed in a diaper before, so she didn't know what it would feel or sound like. They were made for girls, and were a tight fit, but once she got them up around her hips, it was almost like she were wearing panties, just a little thicker and fluffier than usual. Their small size didn't bode well for capacity, however. She hadn't done a dry run (a wet run, rather).

'Something wrong?' Jacob asked.

'Oh, uh, nothing. Just a lot of tension there, I guess.' Jacob made no comment, and she got through the rest of her body parts fine.

'Now, do you feel better? Any more relaxed?' Kaley had to admit that she did feel more relaxed. Her entire body was looser, less tense. Her bladder muscles and gluteus maximus were still doing hard work, but the rest of her body was calmer. She nodded.

'This is an exercise you can do at home, or at the office, or wherever. It doesn't need to take more than five minutes. You can afford five minutes, even at work. You work more efficiently when you're relaxed. Some people go for smoke breaks. This is much healthier.' Jacob nodded, as if to confirm his own statement. 'Have you heard of the Yerkes-Dodson law?'

Kaley knew a lot of psychological concepts, but this one was genuinely new.

'The Yerkes-Dodson law states that arousal and performance happens on a bell curve. Picture a bell, right?' Jacob doodled a bell-shaped graph. 'Physical arousal doesn't mean sexual arousal. It just means that your body is awake, stimulated and energized. Being sleepy or generally not bodily aroused correlates negatively with performance. You don't do your best work when you just rolled out of bed. Once you're out of the post-sleep haze, you've had breakfast and perhaps cheated a bit and gotten some artifical stimulation by drinking a cup of coffee, your performance increases.

But if you go past a certain point'—here he pointed at the right-hand side of the graph, where the bell started curving downwards, past the peak—'your performance decreases. When you have a panic attack, your body is highly aroused. But you're also physically incapable of performing work. That would be here,' Jacob said, and pointed to the very right-hand side of the graph, where the curve reached zero. 'You perform no better than if you'd been asleep,' and he pointed to the extreme left of the graph, which was also at zero. 'Highly anxious or stressed individuals perform better and become happier if they can move from the hyperaroused state to the right of the graph toward the calmer middle. That's why relaxation exercises can be so useful, not only for your mind, but for your body, too.'

Kaley was certainly hyperaroused. She involuntarily crossed her legs and tried to pass it off casually, but it really was a subconscious distress signal from her brain that said, you're about to piss your pants! Kaley doubted that her tiny pullup-style diaper could contain her flood. The thought of having an accident right there in her therapist's office, of the inevitable humiliation, of making this well-spoken man who always knew what to say speechless, turned her on to no end. Her cheeks were flushed, not from embarrassment or from the strain of holding it, but out of pure lust.

She had no sexual feelings toward Jacob. It was the situation itself that was arousing. He was just an unwitting pawn in her game. The game, she reminded herself, that she'd devised as the only way not to wither away from depression. Wasn't that what she came her for? Was it only to satisfy her urges—wasn't she supposed to be asking for advice on her life situation? Her hour was almost up. She might just make it through with a dry emotional well and (almost) dry underwear.

'But it's not relaxation or better work performance I want. I mean, they'd be great bonuses, but most of all I just want to care about life and the world and above all, people again.'

Jacob nodded, he way he did. 'I think relaxation can help you regain some emotional resilience. Depression is often caused by maladaptive responses to stress factors. But I see your point. You're a very intelligent young woman.' As if he was much older than her. 'Your problems might be a bit more... existential. But a lot of the thoughts we make up about how life sucks, and then we die'—he remembered that months later?—'actually are just dark, nightmare-like castles in the air. You might find your dark view of existence is built on these dark emotions, this anhedonia floating around in your head, and once those foundations fall, the whole thing falls down. It wasn't life that sucked. You had a disease that obscured the beauty and meaning that already exists in the world.'

God, that was almost beautiful, Kaley had to admit. She felt her muscles slip, and a few more drops of pee were absorbed by her toddler pants. Her nether regions tingled. She was so aroused, and so desperate to pee, that she had to admit her body was occupying most of her mind. Her basal nature prevented her from philosophizing one way or the other. 'Maybe,' she said. 'Look, I appreciate the relaxation technique, but can we please get back to fixing my shitty life next time?' Her legs were shaking, and she could no longer prevent herself from crossing them. She put one leg over the other as if she were just casually readjusting her posture, but she was clenching tight.

'Certainly. I think this would be a good time to break it up and schedule another appointment. This was your first appointment in months. Did you feel like we went too far off track?' Jacob said.

'No, well, yes...' Kaley had a hard time forming coherent thoughts, much less words. 'I just really, really want to be normal. I mean happy. I told you I found out, ah...' Another spurt of pee pushed against her sphincter, and past, spraying into her diaper. She could feel it expand now, just ever so slightly. Some pee had now pooled under her butt, and she felt slightly squishy. Wetting a diaper didn't feel like wetting her pants. All of it was contained, pressing against her; it didn't spray out of her clothes. All she wanted was to run to the bathroom, not to pee, but to furiously finger herself. It occurred to her highly aroused body—in every sense of the word—that her sudden moan might give Jacob odd ideas, so she had to find an excuse.

'I'm sorry. I just have this big bruise on my leg from when I tried to get up and pee in the night and bumped into some furniture. I almost peed my pants right there, it hurt so much. It still hurts if it brushes against things.' She was proud of her obvious allusion to wetting her pants, so many layers that would go past Jacob: on the one hand, she was just making up a story, and not an implausible one, so layer one that would go past his nose was the lie; the second layer would be the dramatic irony of the situation, her talking about almost peeing herself while actually peeing herself right in front of him; and thirdly, she'd said 'I almost peed myself right there,' which could be a cryptic clue that she had indeed peed herself somewhere else, although of course it was just an expression, and so would pass by unnoticed.

'Oh, well. Hope it heals quickly. How about next Thursday, same time?'

Kaley stood up. 'Sure!' She knew that she was about to have an accident, but she also knew that even if she'd wanted to, she couldn't stall enough to have it in front of Jacob; consequently, she was in a hurry to get out, although exactly where she did not know. Jacob handed Kaley the bill, which she only really had to sign and deliver at the front desk, and then her insurance would take over. She took it and began gingerly walking out of Jacob's office. God, why was it that desperate ladies always walked 'gingerly'? When she wasn't in the mood to stage an accident, she'd been perusing the internet, reading desperation and wetting stories. Wasn't there some other adverb that could be used to refer to the excessively deliberate, careful way a desperate woman walks? Kaley walked trembling to the front desk.

There she was again, Kaley's least favorite person. Anne the receptionist, cheery as ever. 'Sooo nice to see you again, Kaley!' She remembered everyone's names. Even if they were strangers who looked her over on the street once and thought, dat ass, Kaley was sure she'd telepathically intuit their name and greet them if they ever met again. 'Sooo nice to again be admired by you for my genetics' and yoga practice's effects on my buttocks, Mr. Roger McCreeperson!' Kaley was shifting from foot to foot, fighting with all her might not to give in either to her bladder or her desire to stick her hand down her diaper. Her expression must be one of terror, mixed with arousal. 'Oh, honey, what's wrong?' Anne asked.

'Oh, it's nothing serious,' said Kaley, potty dancing to a degree that must be evident even the world's cheeriest and most oblivious receptionist. At that moment, she could feel herself losing control. There simply wasn't any strength left. She gave an involuntary push, and her pee began shooting out into her padded underpants. Kaley felt the strange warmth as her entire crotch, front to back was soaked, how much more of it was left around her waist, pushing against her ass and her vagina, than had she peed her panties. She could hair a faint hiss, a gurgling sound as the pee left her urethra, shot out into the diaper, and began forming a puddle inside once the absorbancy had reached its limits. So odd, to be sitting in a puddle of pee, except she was standing up, and the puddle was fixed to her waist.

Kaley was so relieved, she was almost orgasmic, and she was so embarrassed, and so turned on by that embarrassment, it almost pushed her over the edge. She didn't know which was worse, to be caught peeing herself, in a diaper, or to be caught cumming in the reception area of her therapist's office. She couldn't stop peeing. Once she reached her limit, it was all or nothing. No in-betweens. Kaley quickly signed off on the bill in an attempt to distract Anne from her ongoing accident. As Anne was printing out the receipt, Kaley's little diaper reached capacity and began overflowing.

Urine ran out of the legholes and began dripping down her legs. Kaley took the receipt and quickly and carefully walked away, trailing pee. She didn't know if she'd gotten away with it, although she was sure Anne would express her condolences on behalf of her bladder control the next time she saw Kaley. 'Kaley honey, I'm sooo sorry about your little pee-pee accident last time, you know you don't need to be shy about asking for a bathroom break, which reminds me, this one time my cousin's friend's sister didn't ask to go...' Of course, Anne was too perfect to ever have an accident herself, and she was just the type to cheerfully describe it as a 'little pee-pee accident.'

Kaley's hatred for Anne was completely irrational. How can you be angry at someone for being too good and nice to other people? She was the manifestation of the perfect person who was never overly upset, existing in a constant state of mild hypomania without the crash of depression. In Kaley's head, she was much more perfect and therefore much worse than the actual, physical person could ever be. But she represented everything that Kaley was not, and everything she desperately longed for and hated when someone, just by radiating happiness, rubbed it into her face.

Four steps out into the hallway and around the corner, disaster struck. Kaley was only dribbling now, although there were streaks of pee down her thighs and droplets on the floor. But the diaper wasn't meant for adult women. Her hips were wider than the diaper was intended for. Kaley was slim, but not anorectic. She didn't have a child's frame. The overloaded diaper, which by now must be sagging below the hem of her skirt, simply had enough. It didn't want to sit around Kaley's waist anymore, weighed down by piss. The sides of the diaper ripped, and the whole wet, soggy mess fell to the floor with a thud. Urine splattered everywhere, although a remarkable amount was still contained within it. Kaley took three seconds to admire her work, until panic set in.

A final salvo spurted out of her from fear or shock alone. It landed just south of the diaper. If it had been an Olympic diver, it would have died from a tragic case of traumatic brain injury, just short of the pool. Kaley was glad she hadn't worn pantyhose today, or she'd have to try and fish the leaking diaper out. Now she needed to find an escape plan, and fast. Some nervous wreck could walk through the door any second now, and then they'd see Kaley standing there, thighs streaked with pee, in front of a pink pull-up puddled with urine. Her first instinct was run for the hills! Once she was out the door, no one could tell whose diaper accident it was. Unless Anne or god existing or not help her, Jacob walked through the door before someone else came in.

Kaley was reluctant to touch the whole mess. She was left with little choice, though. She bent down, gingerly, and tried to pick up the diaper with her index finger and thumb, leaning away, slightly disgusted, but also very aroused at the naughtiness of it all. Two fingers wasn't enough, and the wet pull-up fell to the floor again with a splosh and a splash of pee. Kaley bent down, resolutely balled the thing up, and quickly headed for the restroom. Luckily there was one out in the hallway; she couldn't bear the thought—no, it excited her and scared her—of going back in, past Anne the receptionist, holding a soaking wet diaper. Kaley dipped into the toilets, quickly dumped the diaper in the trash, and then headed into a stall to clean up. But first, she had business to attend to. Long overdue.

