Warcraft Omorashi Story - Page 4

Author: Earth Shock

*075*2015-05-03 06:13

Since I didn't get much input I'll proceeded with what I had, but I am open for any input, I think it makes it much more interesting. Anyway. Will post tomorrow after I clean it up a little.

*076*2015-05-04 02:14

The sun had risen and the women awoke, save Fiora who had been waiting for the rest of them to wake up. "We should get going, we can probably make it to Silithus by the afternoon if we keep moving." Fiora said to the rest of them. Sera sighed "Oh joy." she said in a sarcastic tone. Julia got up and stretched and yawned only a second before a faint hissing noise started. The rest of the group looked at Julia "Ahhh... What? Please, you all do it, or used to if you didn't wet while you slept." Julia said. The rest of the group trying to keep straight faces burst out giggling. "I'm sorry Julia, it's just how casually you did it that was so funny." Alison said while giggling. Julia also started giggling "Well, can't make a big deal of it *all* the time." she replied. Fiora regained composure and announced "Alright let's head out, we have been traveling too slow, I want to reach Silithus before the day is over." The rest of the group all began moving out as instructed.

"So Fiora, honestly do you expect to find someone?" Laura asked. Fiora noded "Believe it or not, I actually got a little sleep last night, and I dreamt I did, in the near future as well, it was probably just my mind wishfully dreaming, but it was nice at least." she replied. Sera stepped in "Do you mind telling us more?" she asked. Fiora smiled "I'm in a good mood today, sure I will." she said cheerfully. Julia and Alison also started listening in "Well what happened?" Alison asked.

Fiora started talking "Well, she was a lovely Blood Elf woman. A magic wielder much like myself, though I don't recall what kind she practiced. I met her about half way through Silithus, and she was not fond of us at first, but she got interested and eventually joined our quest." she said. The rest of the group was quiet for a few moments "Do you think that is actually something that might happen?" Alison asked. Fiora shrugged "I don't know, probably not, but for some reason I feel like it is." she said. Shortly after that the group heard the roar of a devilsaur.

"We should be careful, while we can probably handle it, I would prefer not to have to deal with it." Fiora said to the rest of the group. "I see it, and someone is running from it!" Sera said as she pointed in the direction of the beast. "We need to save them, I know we should be keeping a low profile, but I can't sit back!" Alison said as she began running towards the beast. "Well we are involved for better or worse now, let's go!" Fiora yelled while motioning for the rest to head over. The person running, a Draenei woman, ran to Alison "Help!" she yelled. By the time the Draenei reached Alison, the rest of the group caught up. Without waiting, Fiora casted a fel pyroblast making short work of the beast. Alison looked over the Draenei "You seem unharmed." she said to her.

The Draenei sighed "Thank you all." she said, amusingly enough not bothered by the fact all the women were corrupted. "No problem... why did you take on a devilsaur anyway?" Fiora asked. The Draenei woman got an annoyed look "You think I picked a fight with it!? No! it ambushed me!" she replied in an annoyed voice. "Hey sorry." Fiora replied. The Draenei now a little calmer looked down at her wet crotch before getting an embarresed look. Sera giggled "It's ok!" she said. The Draenei got an annoyed look again "Gee thanks... what's your deal anyway?" she said as she eyed the women's demonic features.

"Does it matter?" Fiora asked. The Draenei shook her head "I guess not." she replied. "Well good luck." Fiora said as she began walking off with the others. "Hey wait! Care if I come with you? At least until the next settlement." The Draenei asked. Fiora looked at the rest of the group who all seemed fine with it. "Very well, but no complaints about how we do stuff." Fiora said sternly as she started walking off. "No problem at all... by the way, my name is Lehna." The Draenei said. "Welcome Lehna, I am Fiora and this is Julia, Alison, Sera, and Laura." Fiora said as she pointed to he friends. The group starting walking west towards Silithus.

"So, what is your guys story? I mean, you look corrupted, but you don't seem to be Legion." Lehna asked. Fiora shook her head "No we are not, we just absorbed fel energy and turned in to this. Such is the price for power." she replied. Lehna laughed "So you absorbed fel energy just for power?" she asked. Fiora now slightly more annoyed responded "Yes, and quit with the excessive questions before I leave you here." Despite this, Lehna continued asking questions, though now in a much softer voice. "So, what is it like?" Lehna asked in a curious voice. Fiora sighed, still annoyed by Lehnas constant questioning "It feels great." she replied in a tired tone. Lehna smiled "So what exactly did you do to get the fel energy?" she asked in a slightly excited tone. "Why are you so eager about fel energy? Your kind should hate it." Julia said in a very curious voice.

Lehna took a deep breath and began telling her story "Well... many years ago my people, the Eredar, were exposed to fel magic and the Burning Legion which you already seem to know some about. My people were offered power in return for loyalty to the Legion, a lot of which accepted. There was a group of us that instead fled for a long time, the group you would know as Draenei. We were gifted with light and remained quite loyal to it. That's an extremely brief summery of my peoples' story, in case you didn't know. My story was slightly different however... during the seperation period, I actually considered following most of my people to the Legion, it was actually a rather appealing choice.

However, I had some doubts and remained torn for some time. Eventually I decided to remain on the side of good and give up the offered power, I joined the others and fled my home world. While this was the right choice I believe, a part of me still remained curious... seeing those I knew who chose the other path change in to something more appealed to me. When my people were gifted with the light at a later point, I was not, perhaps it was because of my interest in fel powers, I am not sure.

With that I decided to instead practice in elemental magic and become a shaman, the elements were far less rigid then the light was. I have been a shaman for some time now, but during that time a part of me still desired the experience of fel energy. I honestly didn't care about the power of it like most I knew, I just wanted the experience, but was not willing to pay the price of it... that brings me to today, seeing you girls, corrup... gifted with fel energy, yet without the price of the Legion. That is why I question it, that is why I am eager to know."

The women stood there quietly for a moment. "Quite the story to tell someone you have known for less then thiry minutes." Fiora responded. Lehna shrugged "Well, the thing I have desired has found me in a sense, and I wish to know how to obtain it." she said. "Would you be willing to travel with us?" Fiora asked. Julia leaned over to Fiora's ear "Are you sure about this Fiora?" she whispered. "I know it's been almost no time, but I like her a lot, I can relate to her and she needs us as well." Fiora responded.

Julia sighed "Quite nice for you Fiora, I hope this choice isn't just a knee-jerk reaction to earlier." she said as she leaned back. Lehna who had been waiting for Julia to finish whispering responded "Yes, I am fine with traveling with you." Sera stepped forward "We are on the run and more or less exiles, are you willing to accept that life?" she said to Lehna. Lehna noded "Yes, my current life is merely questing, something I won't miss much." she said in a confident tone. "Very well, welcome to the group Lehna" Fiora said. Lehna smiled "Thank you!" she said before the group began walking again.

"So what exactly are we doing?" Lehna said in a cheerful voice. "I am on a quest for power, and they decided to persue the same quest." Fiora said before pointing to the rest of the group. Lehna thought for a moment "So is the fel energy just another part in your quest?" she asked. Fiora noded "Yes, though it's a special part... it's transformed me, and that's more then just gaining more magic or energy." she said to Lehna. "So I am assuming your armor is also part of that." Lehna said to Fiora. Fiora grinned "Yes it is." she responded. "Is there anything else I should know?" Lehna asked the group. Laura giggled "Yes!" she said. "What then?" Lehna asked Laura. Laura smiled "We are all lesbians now." she said in a cheerful voice.

"That's all? That's no big deal, in fact not that surprising to me. You seemed to be traveling on your own and you all looked like you cared much about each other." Lehna said in response. Sera also giggled "That's not all of it though!" she said. "Well then what else?" Lehna asked. Sera pulled her pants down about an inch "We also wear diapers!" she said gleefully. Lehna5 eyed Sera's diaper for a few seconds "Well that's certainly interesting... may I have one?" she asked. The whole group paused and looked at Lehna. "What? If I am joining the group, I might as well embrace everything." Lehna said bluntly. Fiora, who was still ratehr shocked by how open Lehna was the a new diaper out of her bag "Here... it's made to fit an average Blood Elf woman, but I am sure you can squeeze in to it, it's designed to stretch some." she said still quite shocked.

Lehna grabbed the diaper "A tail hole! How thoughtful!" she said. Sera giggled and turned around showing off her tail "We know it is!" she responded cheerfully. Lehna went in to some bushes to put the diaper on. A few moments later she emerged wearing diaper "Not bad, not bad at all..." she said as she poked it. Fiora smiled "Glad you like it... but you are not done yet." she said. Lehna looked at Fiora and smiled "You mean!?" she responded.

Fiora noded and slid a vial of liquid out of her bag before holding it up "If you drink this... there is no turning back, be absolutely sure about your choice." she said in a very serious voice. Lehna took the vial and stared at it a bit "I am sure, it's something I have secretly wanted for a long time, I was just not willing to go down the path of evil... but the chance to have this gift without that price... I am very thankful." she said before closing her eyes. "I apologize for what I am about to do... but I promise I will use this power as I have used my elemental powers... for good and in the name of the light." she continued saying.

Lehna opened her eyes and looked at Fiora and her friends staring at her. "I felt I needed to pray before I drink this... in case the light will never hear me again." she said as she pulled off the cap. Lehna put the vial up to her mouth and tipped her head back drinking the contents and handing the empty vial back to Fiora. "So when does it take effect?" Lehna asked. "Well, normally a day or two, but Julia knows how to speed it up." Alison said to Lehna. "Would you mind Julia?" Lehna asked Julia after hearing Alison. Julia smiled and noded "Kneel" she said. Lehna followed Julia's instructions and knelt down. Julia began siphoning magical energy in to Lehna "This will make it happen quite quick." she said. Lehna remained quiet and waited.

Before long knobs poked out of Lehna's forhead, her canines began to grow in length, her tail began slimming and elongating, the back of her shirt ripped as her soon to be wings sprouted, all while her skin started to darken. "This feels amazing!" Lehna yelled aloud. Julia shushed Lehna "Shhh, let it finish!" she responded. Lehna's knobs grew in to full length horns, her canines sharpened after reaching full length, her breasts grew in size and her tail reached full length.

She stood up unfirling her new wings and opened her eyes now glowing green and looked at her arm now a very dark tone with runes over it. She took a huge sigh in relief "This feels amazing!" she said to the others. "Indeed it does." Fiora said smiling. Lehna giggled and said "I pissed myself though..." Sera smiled "Don't worry about it, we all did when we transformed as well... good thing you were diapered huh?" she said. "I suppose it is." Lehna responded in an amused voice. Fiora motioned for the others to follow her as she started walking again. The rest caught up to Fiora and continued their quest.

*078*2015-05-05 04:25

What about Frost Shock?

*080*2015-05-07 21:49

{{:

This story is awesome so far... I evenen made an account, just to tell you.

}}

Thanks!

*081*2015-05-08 01:45

Just an update, I am about half done with the next chapter. Sorry it takes long, but I like to do it only when I am the mood for it so it doesn't come out bad.

*082*2015-05-10 19:45

I'm sorry I haven't updated in forever, but an IRL tragedy happened so it will be longer :(

*084*2015-05-11 16:16

The next chapter was like 95% done, so I finished the last bit up, but as stated I'll be gone for a bit.

The group had finally reached the Silithus border after hours of talking and teasing while traveling through Un'goro. Lehna wasted no time in becoming a part of the group, she was very friendly and open towards everyone. "Night is nearing... we should camp." Fiora said looking up at the dusky sky. "I'm not even tired!" Lehna said in a happy voice. Fiora laughed for only about a second and responded "Nor am I, and I am sure the others are not, but we take nights off now to relax and have fun now that we are not being closely pursued." she said to Lehna. "Well if that's what you guys do, then we should do it!" Lehna responded still quite cheerful tone. "Yeah we tell stories." Alison said. "We also take the time to change each other as well." Julia continued. Sera and Laura looked at each other "And have fun." Sera said.

Sera quickly found a suitable spot to rest and her and the others settled down. Fiora cast a spell creating a small fel fire orb to use as a camp fire "There's the fire, though it looks like we will be on the ground tonight." she said after creating the fire. "Maybe not... at least not fully" Lehna said to Fiora. All of the women looked at Lehna "Oh, and why is that Lehna?" Fiora asked. Lehna pointed towards the mountains seperating Silithus and Un'goro, which the group was only about two or so minutes away from "We can stay in a cave for some shelter!" she said. "Unlikely there will be cave convienantly waiting for us." Julia said to Lehna. "I know that, I mean I can probably make one... it normally would of been too much, but with all this extra power, I think I can now." Lehna responded. "It's only a couple minutes away, it's worth a shot." Fiora said as she put out her fel fire before starting to walk towards the mountains.

Eventually all six women reached the rock wall. "Well, work your magic." Fiora said to Lehna. Lehna concentrated a moment before she started casting a spell. Shortly after a gigantic piece of rock crudely came out of the rock wall leaving a cave about five yards deep. "There we are!" Lehna said in a quite pleased voice. "Very nice!" Alison said in a cheerful voice after looking in the cave. Fiora created another self-sustained fel fire in the cave center "There we are, this should be good." she said. The six sat down around the fire "So... how often did you pee today gals? I went twice... though I think I will go again soon!" Sera said with a grin. "Twice as well." Julia said, "Same here" said Alison. "I went about a minute before Lehna made the cave... three times" Laura said. "I went..." Fiora said before pausing and getting a huge grin "Three times." she finished saying.

The group giggled and turned to Lehna "How about you Lehna?" Sera asked. Lehna got an embarresed look "Just once..." she said. "Once? Do you mean once in your diaper, or once when you pissed yourself from the devilsaur?" Julia asked. "From the devilsaur." Lehna awkwardly replied. "You haven't used your diaper yet?" Laura asked Lehna. Lehna sighed "No... it's just, I have never actually tried... wetting myself... on purpose before." she replied. Alison giggled a little "It's alright, just try." she said. Lehna smiled "I know I know, but the idea of it is just... it's like my body can't bring itself to do it, even though I have had to go for quite some time now." she replied now in a slightly less tense tone. Sera smiled "Well, if you don't intentionally, you will eventually have an accident!" she said with a teasing voice." Lehna noded "I suppose I will need to wait for that then." she replied before sighing.

Shortly after the group began getting Lehna up to speed on their quest and the events surrounding it. About an hour had passed and Lehna was now quite desperate. "I really need to go... I even tried!" Lehna said as she fidgeted. "Not much longer now!" Julia teased. Lehna got a look of pain on her face "Owwww I really do want to go!... But I am going to wet this diaper!" she said. "Quite dedicated huh?" Fiora asked. Lehna still fidgeting responded "Well if I am staying with you guys, I want to embrace everything you guys do... owww..." she said. Sera smiled "That's very nice of you!" she said to Lehna.

"Well, it's..." Lehna said before pausing and getting a look of relief on her face. A rather loud hissing noise could be heard as Lehna sat their withe her eyes closed holding her head up. Lehna peed for nearly a minute straight, to the point the ground around her started getting a little wet. "I made those quite strong... impressive you went so much they leaked." Fiora said. Lehna shushed Fiora "I am still going!" she said. The other girls all got a surprised look "I had no idea anyone could hold that much!" Sera said to Lehna. Lehna who was breathing heavily sighed "Nor did I." she said. "So how was it?" Alison asked. Lehna smiled "Amazing... I had to go so bad." she replied in a much happier tone "Though it seems I made quite the mess." she continued as she pulled up her kilt. "Quite the mess indeed!" Sera said as she looked at the wet ground around Lehna and soaked diaper she was wearing.

Lehna poked her diaper "So... do you got any more?" she asked. Fiora noded and took another one out "Here is your second one Lehna, they are self cleaning so by the time that one has been used the first should be fresh." she replied. "That's amazing, I was wondering how you guys wore them without carrying a huge bag full of diapers." Lehna said to Fiora. Sera spoke up "It's great, I used to have to carry a bunch extra, but now two for each of us covers everything." she said. Lehna held the new diaper "How did you have mien ready before you met me?" she said as she stared at it. Fiora shook her head "It will sound stupid, but I had a dream I would meet someone who would join us... and be my lover. I wanted to be ready for it. It seems it partly came true." she said to Lehna in a more down tone. "Perhaps you will find someone yet." Lehna responded. Fiora sighed "Yeah..." she said slowly.

"Well how about we come up with a game plan?" Lehna cheerfully said in an attempt to lighten the mood. "Well Fiora already has one, we are on a quest... oh Fiora you just explain." Alison said to Lehna. Fiora noded "Yes I have, well Lehna, there is something you should know about me... I have an addiction to power." she said before pausing. Lehna in an intimidated tone responded "I see..." Fiora continued speaking "Not in a political sense, the politics behind things can fuck themselves, but in a magical sense. Seeking power is a dangerous thing, but I have vowed to not lose myself to it... that already happened back in Outland after the Third War, I am not doing that again. While this journey started off as a mission of Sera's, she abandoned it not too long after freeing me." Lehna asked with a tone of curiosity "Which you claimed you were falsely put there."

Fiora noded "Yes... anyway, the quest is to seek power as I have said, my first step was to infuse myself with a fel energy I discovered, which transformed me in to this." she said as she felt her horns and fanned her wings. Fiora continued speaking "Things such as this almost always come with a price, so you can imagine my excitement upon discovering fel energy not tied with the Burning Legion somehow, the price of this is corruption of the body, though as far as I can tell it's been nothign but beneficial." she said. "Alright so that explains the why, but what are your plans?" Lehna asked Fiora. Fiora smiled before continuing "As most know, another important step is obtaining certain artifacts of power, this is not that uncommon by those dedicated to it, a prime example being Illidan Stormrage." she said. Lehna got an angered look "Illidan... what I would like to do to him!" she said in an angered voice.

Laura put her hand on Lehna's shoulder "It's alright Lehna." she said. Lehna's mood returned to normal "Sorry, I needed to vent." she said. Fiora laughed a little "I'm perfectly fine with that Lehna." she said. Fiora continued speaking after "Anyway, there are several artifacts, but there some uncommon ones almost nobody knows about." she said. "What are they?" Lehna asked. Fiora smacked her hand on her breastplate "Here is one!" she responded. "Your armor?... although, I must admit I found it odd seeing a mage in plate at first, so what's the rest? Rings or something?" Lehna responded.

"Actually, there is more armor... there was five suits and I wanted the girls to share this." Fiora responded as she looked at the others who had already heard the story and decided to go sleep. Fiora returned her gaze to Lehna "I'm sorry Lehna, but as far as I am aware, there is no sixth suit." she said with a disappointed tone. Lehna smiled "Don't worry Fiora, it's not your fault." she replied. Fiora noded "So that's what we are doing." she said to Lehna. Lehna thought for a moment "So you are just going from one place to the next?" she asked. "That's how it's been Lehna." Fiora responded.

Lehna stretched "I still think we should plan out a little more." she said. "And what do you mean exactly?" Fiora responded. "Like I mean, set some other goals to achieve during the quest, from what I was told earlier you have a long distance to go, I think it would be good to have something to do as you go from point A to B." Lehna said to Fiora. "That's actually a good idea Lehna! Want to discuss this with the others in the morning?" Fiora responded. "Yes... you know you don't seem as bad as you act Fiora." Lehna responded in a cheerful tone.

Fiora frowned "What's that supposed to mean?" she asked. Lehna giggled "The short time I have known you, you have always been so serious and not to sound insulting, but questing for power generally kills someone's soul... figuratively of course." she said. Fiora shook her head "Not going down that path is important to me, just as much as gaining power, it seems like they contridict, but you can balance them. As for seriousness... you can thank life for that." she replied. Lehna smiled "I suppose that makes sense." she said. "Have a nice night Lehna." Fiora said as she layed down for some sleep. Lehna did the same shortly after.

