Kelly at College

Author: lurkerabove

*000*2012-05-14 09:27

My first ever story! Let me know what you think. Please, do give constructive criticism! I'm no writer, but I'd like to know what I could do better.

###

Kelly let out a sigh of relief as watched her parents drive off down the hill. Finally, after 18 years of abiding by curfews, doing chores, not being allowed on dates, spending every hour under her parents' watchful eyes, finally -- she was a college freshman.

It's not that she didn't love her parents, she thought as she climbed the stairs back to her dorm room. She was just ecstatic to be free, able to do her own things on her own timetable, with nobody to tell her no. Eat what she wanted to eat, go to bed when she wanted to go to bed. Pee when she wanted to pee. For several years, Kelly had known the pleasure that came from a full bladder, but could never find the opportunity to experiment with it the way she wanted to while living at home. Now, of course, that was all about to change.

She eagerly bounced into her room and locked the door behind her, noting with growing anticipation the tightness that was already coming from her bladder. It wasn't much, yet, she hadn't wanted to risk getting too far along too quickly, but she had been so excited for this day for so long she couldn't resist starting to fill up even before they'd arrived at the college. It would be at least a half hour or so before she was full enough to even enjoy it. But, plenty to do before then.

Kelly was lucky enough to have a single, all to herself. From what she could see during her short time here, most of the other freshman were in double-occupancy rooms. That, of course, would have made life difficult. She grinned and got out her water bottle.

She hadn't even started unpacking yet, she and her parents had just dropped her things off in the room before they left to say their good-byes. She picked a suitcase at random and got started. Books, sheets, skirts, her computer, more books, notebooks, clothes, more clothes. With a smile she found her favorite basketball shorts -- red and black. Her eyes went wisty as she recalled the day at school she first realized how much of a turn-on a full bladder was, even if it meant wetting herself in front of her friends. She'd treasured these shorts ever since then, and the few times she'd managed to do any holding at home, it had always been in these shorts. She quickly took her jeans off and slipped her favorite shorts on.

It wasn't until Kelly was hanging her posters up that she realized how much time had passed. She was standing on her chair, reaching up to the ceiling trying to get her poster as high as it would go that the extra pressure from up high caused a sudden spasm in her abdomen. Kelly yelped softly and dropped the poster, pressing her hands to her crotch. A moment later she regained control -- she was still perfectly capable of holding it, she just needed to not surprise herself like that again. The posters could wait.

Kelly grabbed her bottle of water again and downed the remainder. Her mind started racing with anticipation as the reality of the situation sunk in a bit deeper. Finally, she was actually going to be able to wet herself, alone, all alone to enjoy it. The electriflying feeling from her womanhood, that moment when she couldn't hang on any longer and the warmness that started flowing...

Kelly snapped out of her daydream and realized she was standing partly bent over with her legs tightly crossed. Maybe she was closer to her fantasy than she had realized. She quickly grabbed a towel and spread it out in the corner. She guzzled half another water bottle, too, just for good measure.

Kelly's favorite part about holding her pee had always been that moment when, despite her best efforts, she simply couldn't stop the flow any longer. When a spurt, then two spurts, then three wormed their way out of her. That being the case, she never liked holding herself. That only delayed the loss of control. She was standing on top of the towel now, still bent partway over, legs still crossed. Kelly took a deep breath, readying herself for the bliss that was sure to follow, and in one slow, deliberate motion, stood up straight and uncrossed her legs.

Kelly had to stuff her hand over her mouth to stifle the her squeal. The effect on her bladder was immediate and jarring. She thought she might have even lost a drop or two into her panties. Kelly squeezed her thighs together as hard as she possibly could. Beginning to be overcome by lust now, she started rubbing her breasts, scissoring her legs back and forth. Head back, she gasped, and felt a spurt escape her into her basketball shorts.

In a state of complete ecstacy now, Kelly moved her hands to her bladder and started massaging ever so gently. The sensations in her bladder were almost unlike anything she had ever felt before, and as a second spurt of pee, longer than the first, rushed out of her bladder she instictively shoved her hands into her crotch to stem the tide once more. Knowing she had only seconds before a total loss of control, Kelly moved one hand to her bladder and pushed hard, and kept one hand on her crotch trying with all her might to hold her pee just a moment longer.

A third and final spurt erupted from Kelly's crotch, and she thought she might pass out from the bliss that overwhelmed her. The sensation of still trying to fight back, even though the battle had been lost, still trying to squeeze her tired muscles together, even though the steady gush of pee couldn't possibly be stopped now, was simply orgasmic. Kelly came immediately, as if an electric shock throughout her whole body, and sank to her knees, unable to continue standing. It was the most powerful orgasm she'd ever had, and in some distant, rational corner of her mind Kelly was surprised at how long it lasted -- easily several seconds longer that anything she'd previously experienced.

As her pee flow died down and everything subsided, Kelly made a promise to herself. She was going to do this way more often than she'd previously thought.

*009*2012-07-10 04:32

Chapter 2, by popular request! I'm surprised, writing was never my thing. I guess I just had to write about something I loved :D

Kelly set out across campus, eager for her first day of classes. Despite all the fun she'd had the previous day, Kelly was looking forward, albeit rather nervously, to meeting her professors, starting her classes, and making new friends.

Kelly blushed a little at the thought of the previous night. She had skipped out on some of the orientation events that had been going on, including an ice cream social on the main green. She'd really wanted to go, meet some new people, but, well, after her first wetting, she just HAD to do it again, and then again... Kelly wondered vaguely how many bottles of water she'd drunk last night.

As she arrived at her first class, she realized she had a slight urge to pee. She debated ignoring it and heading into her class, but she was early, and she wasn't really interested in having to hold her crotch in public. No, this was something she did by herself, alone. Plus, she really wanted to be able to focus on the professor.

She returned just before the class began, and the next few hours were a whirl of introductions, syllabi, lists of textbooks, a quick lunch, and then the same thing all over again. Kelly was pleased that all her professors seemed quite nice, the classes seemed to just easy enough she wouldn't be overworked, but just hard enough she wouldn't be bored, and best of all she had a few minutes to flirt with a cute guy in her American Government class, Michael. Her parents had never allowed her to date in high school, and while Kelly managed to skirt their rules occasionally, they obviously made it difficult for any even remotely serious relationships to bloom. Here at college, however...

As Kelly arrived at her last class of the day, Introductory Calculus, she had an idea. She was quite close to her dorm building, in fact she could see it out the window. Why not have something to drink, and get back to her room with a full bladder? Grinning, Kelly made a detour to the water fountain and took several long sips. She got her water bottle out, too, and filled it up, and just before she left she took one more long gulp for good measure.

Kelly sat down in class as the professor began passing out the syllabus. she glanced through it, noting the copious amount of homework she was being assigned. It seemed this professor was not going to go easy on the class.

As she took notes on the first lecture, Kelly absently sipped from her full water bottle, noting a twinge from her bladder. Nothing serious, she thought. Not enough enough to interrupt her concentration for more than a moment.

The professor droned on, and just halfway into the 90-minute lecture, Kelly's pen died. She reached down into her bag for a new one and immediately registered a loud protest from her bladder. Damn, Kelly thought. This might be a problem. She remembered that she'd last peed right before lunch, which was only a couple hours ago. Then again, she'd had a large coke with her lunch too, and... all that water. She glanced at her water bottle and was surprised to notice that it was nearly empty.

It wasn't THAT bad, Kelly reasoned, as she tried to focus on the professor once more. She'd done this how many times last night? She felt like she had a pretty good idea of how long she could last before she reached breaking point, and while it might be close, she thought, she didn't think she'd have much of a problem.

Kelly started copying down a formula on the board when all of a sudden, without warning, she felt a tiny bit of pee spurt into her panties. It was only a few drops, probably barely enough to even show on her panties, but since Kelly wasn't expecting it, her reaction was rather pronounced. Instincively she let out an audible gasp, and jammed her hands into her crotch. She blushed as she glanced around. A couple people gave her a curious look, but most were too focused on trying to understand the strange formula on the board to notice.

Kelly turned her mind to her immedite situation. Why was she starting to wet herself already? She was quite full, but not bursting by any means. Cautiously she took moved her hands away from her crotch, and she felt her bladder quiver inside her, but held tight. Kelly continued taking notes, but her attention was quite divided between the chalkboard and her bladder.

About 10 minutes later, Kelly felt a sudden wave of desperation coming from her bladder. She squeezed thighs together and put an extra little oomph into holding back her pee, but to her horror another tiny spurt still escaped into her cotton-white panties. She managed to keep herself from making any audible gasps this time, but dropped her pen on the ground in her rush to grab her crotch. Once she felt a little more under control, she bent down slowly to grab her pen, knowing that this would only add more pressure to her bladder.

As Kelly grabbed her pen and yet another spurt, this one slightly longer, burst past her clenched sphincter muscles, it clicked. Kelly had spent so much time stretching her bladder last night and holding back her pee as long as she could that her muscles were shot. They could barely do their job.

Well, if her muscles weren't going to do the job, her hands were just going to have to. Kelly jammed her right hand into her crotch and tried to keep taking notes, but she quickly realized there was no way that was going to happen. Whereas before her bladder was merely full, she now realized that her level of desperation was approaching the stage where, even last night, she would soon lose control. She dropped her pen in her bag and stuffed both hands between her legs, trying to be as discreet as possible, but, well, that was quickly becoming difficult.

Kelly looked at the clock. Only five minutes left? She might make it yet. She bounced up and down slightly, tried to cross her legs without moving her hands (it didn't work), anything she could possibly to do hold back the flood for another few seconds. Just a few more seconds, she told herself. Just a few more seconds.

As Kelly got ready to sprint out the door, she realized with horror that, while she was managing to hang on now, she almost certainly wouldn't be maintain that control for more than a few seconds while standing, much less walking or climbing the stairs to her room. Kelly suddenly started to panic. No, no, this was not what she wanted. Despite feeling somewhat turned on by her full bladder, Kelly's modesty and decency were far more important than that.

She dimly realized that people were starting to pack their things. Class was over! Kelly stuffed her notebook in her bag and was halfway stood up before she realized what she was doing, or more importantly that her hands had left her crotch. Or perhaps even more importantly, that her bladder was already emptying itself.

For a half a moment Kelly tried to squeeze every muscle she had in her lower body to hold back a seeming waterfall from between her legs, but there was no way. Her sphincter muscles were so weak that she felt as if she couldn't even squeeze. In a blind panic, Kelly sprinted out of the room, catching a glimpse of Michael walking towards her as she did...

Luckily, Kelly had been sitting near the back of the room, and the rest of the classes didn't seem to have let out yet, so there was nobody to see Kelly having a complete accident in her jeans. She wasn't even trying to hold back the flood now, she knew there was no point, she just had to get to her room as fast as possible. As Kelly left the building and started cutting across the lawn to her dorm she felt the pee cascading down her legs reach her feet, and no sign of stopping.

Kelly reached the front door of her building, let herself inside, and continued to sprint down the hallway to her dorm room. Her bladder was empty enough she had managed to stop soaking herself, but her bladder was noticably full. As Kelly slammed her dorm door behind her her arousal that had been growing inside her for the better part of half an hour, present, but completely dominated by her self-decency, burst out. Amazingly turned on, perhaps even more so than anytime yesterday, Kelly whipped off her pants and slipped on her favorite basketball shorts. Her bladder was probably half empty by now but her sphincter muscles were so tired that even holding back this amount was proving difficult.

Kelly grabbed her towel, spread it over the floor, and barely got on top of it before she felt her muscles give way completely. The orgasm that had been building inside her since she got into her room exploded from within her, without even any 'help' from her hands. Overcome with arousal, Kelly sank to the floor again, laying there for several minutes before finally finding the strength to get up. "Who knew having weak bladder muscles could be so arousing?" Kelly thought. As Kelly registered what she was thinking, a grin spread across her face. She grabbed an extra water bottle from beside her chest and started chugging....

