Pokemon Sam's story

Author: lovegirl

*000*2012-08-21 22:43

This is the next part after pokemon jenny's story. and sorry if the spelling or gramer isint good.

I am at a Pokémon contest and in the top 4. The contest is in coolness and the Pokémon I’m using is Sceptile, the trainer I’m facing has a Mightyena, and as of right now I’m scared. I’m not afraid of crowds or the Mightyena because Sceptile can beat that. What I’m afraid of is that sins 8:00 am I haven’t used the bathroom and am about to lose it in the dipper I’m wearing because of the beat I made with my friend jenny.

My name is Samantha but I prefer Sam. about one year ago my friends and I started a journey at the same time. Brendon got a mudkip and went to go beat all the gyms and elate 4 so he can become the next hoenn champion. I picked a treecko to challenge all the Pokémon Contest and get to master rank. And jenny decided to do both with a torchic. We all decided to go separate ways but we whold meat up every now and then to chat. I love contests because I can wear such beautiful clothing and be on TV. But I hate nights. Dering the day my bladder is as strong as a Hariyama, but at night it's as small as a Wurmple, so at nights I have to wear pull ups. The reason why I’m wearing them under my dress now is because of what happened a few days ago.

I was in Lilycove City. I’m hear for my master rank contests and have finished 4 out of 5 and the one I need to do isn’t for a few days and I didn’t have enough money for a hotel for that long. So I had to camp in the woods outside of town. As I was setting up camp my friend jenny had seen me and ran over to give me a big huge.

"Jenny what are you doing here I thought you were trying to get a gym badge?" I asked.

"I did and now I’m going to get master rank in the contests hear before I get my 7th badge." Jenny explained.

"That’s great I just need the cool contest but I have to wat a few days sins they only go one at a time."

"Well that’s good now we can see who can get theirs done first “jenny said

"Ya, well the contests are done for the day so how about staying with me and have some diner" I suggested.

"That sounds good" jenny said as she watched me get into my bag and try to get some food but the more I looked the more sad I felt sins I had just ran out of food.

"Um...jenny....um...."I said before jenny interrupted and said.

"You forgot to go shopping again didn’t you" the way my face trend red meant a yes and she busted out laughing. "Well than ill buy diner and you can lit me sleep with you while I’m hear." That is one reason I like her, she always knows what I’m trying to say and is always nice about it.

So that night we eat at an all you can eat buffet and eat till we were stuffed. After dinner we went to the store so I could get food for the next few days and thin backed to camp. I soon realized I didn’t have anything to hide the pull ups I wore at night and I didn’t want jenny to know about them. So before bead I went to the bathroom and did my best to get all the liquid out.

One thing I like about jenny is that we have the same sleeping habit of just sleeping in a tank top and panties (well pull ups for me but close). We went to bead about 9:30 and that’s when I had the night mare. I was running throw a house trying to get away form a pack of hungry Pokémon. I soon stumbled and started to pee myself as the Pokémon than jumped on me. I than sat up and screamed.

"Sam! Sam! You’re ok it was just a dream" said jenny siting beside me.

I was too speechless to answer her but I than remembered that I peed myself in the dream and so I shoved my hand into my crotch to find it nice and dray.

"Hay if it makes you feel beater want me to sleep next to you?" Asked jenny and I nodded. She grabbed her pillow and got under the coves with me. She remembered when we used to be kids and I had one before so she just started rubbing my back and said it would be all right. I felt really good that I soon fell asleep.

"Sam. Hay Sam weak up" said jenny as she tried to weak me.

It was probably 7 to 8 in the morning and I could hear the bird Pokémon chirping and I cud smell something bad but I couldn't place it.

"Sam, weak up. You just had an accident" she said and that got me up. I throw the covers off and seen there was a big wet spot all around me, but that wasn’t it. I could feel that my under wear was too heavy and that’s when I remembered the smell. I had not only wet the bed with jenny being right next to me but I had also just pooped myself as weal. I was so ashamed I just started crying like the baby I was.

"Hay... Hay... It’s ok. It’s ok. I’m not mad. It was an accident and we had a lot to eat. Come on stop crying" after a few minutes jenny got into my bag and started pulling out some clothes. She thin got me up and moved me to the other side of the tent wear she began to tack off my under wear. I lay on jenny’s bed with only a tang top on while she cleaned up the mess and left me. After 10 minutes I got up, cleaned myself with a wet rage jenny got me and got dressed. When I went outside I seen that jenny was done washing the bedding and hung it on a branch. It was a bit awkward that morning thin I confessed.

"I wear pull ups." I said.

"I know." Jenny replied shocking me.

"How do you know?” I asked.

"When I got you your clothes I saw the dippers. I figured you could explain later." Jenny said as she looked up at me with kind eyes.

"I can’t control my bladder at night so I wear them. But I thought it would be embarrassing to be seen in it." Sam said with tears forming around her eyes. Jenny just got up and sat next to me and rubbed my back.

For two days I watched jenny go to her contests. We had fun all day and at night jenny made sheer I wore the pull ups at night but at least I didn’t poop myself again. But I have to admit I think I liked having myself changed by jenny. I began to wonder what it would be like to change her. That day on the beach there was a Clamperl contest. What you had to do was find a Clamperl with a big peril either on the beach or in the water and we could only use one Pokémon. The winner would get pries money, a coupon for two, and got to keep the peril. This was my best chance at getting to be able to change jenny.

"Hay jenny how about we make this fun?" I asked.

"What, How?"

"Let’s make a bet"

"Depends on what’s at stack" jenny replied.

"How about the loser has to were my pull ups all day tomorrow and can only be changed by the winner" I decided

"Fine and it starts tomorrow morning as soon as we weak up, so no early bathroom break" replied jenny. And we shuck hands.

I used Sceptile and jenny used Milotic. As the contest began we separated. I stayed on the beach while she went into the water I had Sceptile use leaf blade to open the Clamperls and mega drain to nock them out to get the purls. At the end the perils were wade the one with the biggest stayed the other left. I was on the stage the longest until jenny got on and somehow beat me. I could not believe it. My plan back fired. Jenny won the contest and gave me half the prize money. With her half she took the pearl to a jeweler and had it mad into 3 necklaces that put together made the pearl. She gave me on and will give Brendon the other.

The next morning I was allowed to change my wet pull ups but that was all. After breakfast jenny got up and asked me when I would be heady.

"What do you mean?" I asked

"Well today is the coolness contest remembered? The one you need to do.” Expand jenny. And she seen the terror on my face that I had forgotten about it all.

We both joined the contest and this would show how beater at contests was. I used my Sceptile and she used a new Pokémon, a Skarmory. We soon got to the top 4 and my stomach was starting to heart, wanting to push the poop out but I couldn’t do that on TV. I soon beat my opponent and was up against jenny. I knew I was at a dis advantage sins she had a flying type but I didn’t want to louse now. As the battle cared on the presser in my bowels grew. By the end of it Skarmory used tack down and beat Sceptile but used its energy and fainted so it trend into a tie. So we both won and jenny noticed my desperation and helped me get to camp wear I got my dress off and lit it go. It felt good, discussing, and wonderful, all at the same time.

It felt good to finally get all of the presser form inside me. Discussing, because it was almost over flowing! And wonderful because I have never felt this way before. Once I was done pooping I released my bladder and relaxed. When I was done I asked jenny if she could change me and she did. Jenny than treated me to a free meal with her coupon at a fence restaurant and even though I had to wear the dipper in the restaurant I began to like having it on. That night right before bed I used the dipper again and like the first time it felt good.

"Um...Jenny?" I asked as jenny was changing me.

"Yes"

"I...um...was wondering ...if ...we...could....um..." I stammered.

"You want to know if we could continue this" jenny asked as she finished getting the new dipper on me. And I just nodded. She lifted me up and hugged me and said " of course my little baby Sammy" and that was great.

The next morning we packed up camp and started jenny’s last contest which she won with Blaziken. We thin went shopping and grabbed a few things. Sins I finished my dream I was going to help jenny with hers. As we left Lilycove City jenny gave me a bag with new dippers in them and said "those are needed sins your other ones are too small."

Well if you liked it tell me what you think and agin im still loking for new ideas to continue.

*002*2012-08-21 23:48

I'm varry sory, for some reason my computer tell me all my mistakes and and its only my spelling im trying to fix that problem. but thank you for likeing my story.

