Sisterhood of Blood - Page 5

Author: frostyjr2

*102*2013-07-15 05:40

Suggestions duly noted...

NOTIFICATION:

All future posts of SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD will now be to the FICTION section.

Link> https://omorashi.org/story/103-sisterhood-of-blood/

I will leave fanfiction to those who actually write fanfiction.

Please excuse me for my mistake.

I trust that this will be the end of this discussion, and of any drama and/or controversy.

*103*2013-07-19 16:26

I'm not making a new thread, but i will continue to post the subsequent chapters of this story here, because it is the FICTION & FANFICTION section, and because the main complaint was that there were too many different threads...

So, here is the next part of SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD:

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 11)

The Evil Ones (Judith and Kris)

Cannes 1996

We were in town for the film festival. With so many activities taking place at night and in cold, dark theatres, it was an annual pilgrimage for many vampires. In fact, the whole entertainment industry was a haven for vampires, at least on the creative side of things.

Ironically, the management end was almost entirely run by humans. We often got a laugh out of this agent or that manager being referred to as a ‘bloodsucker’, considering who their clientele was in all likelihood. But I digress…

Hannah and I were sitting at a sidewalk café table, dressed in our finest, most fashionable clothes. We were going Euro style, with matching outfits, too: gold lamé tank tops and black leather mini skirts. Sipping our drinks and watching the famous and the near-famous passing by on their way to or from some venue. Hannah was having a pastis, and I was drinking crème de menthe. Even after all these long years, I still really didn’t enjoy the taste of alcohol.

Tobacco, on the other hand… I pulled out a Gitane from the thin blue pack on the table and lit it with my trusty brass Zippo lighter. I inhaled the smoke and held it in my lungs for a while, savoring the taste of a strong French cigarette.

Totally relaxed, I leaned back in my chair and stretched my legs out in front of me, then pulled them back quickly under the table when I remembered I was wearing a skirt for once. I pulled on the hem of it, tugging it back into place with some effort. It was a very short skirt, too… I certainly wasn’t used to that; wearing this thing was all Hannah’s idea. A black leather miniskirt, and high heels; really high gold snakeskin stiletto heel pumps.

Jeez. This was so NOT me, really.

At the moment, I was glad to be sitting down; as awkward as I felt in this miniskirt, it was better than the torture of trying to walk in these darn shoes I was wearing. It wasn’t even that they hurt, so much (although thumb tacks in my sneakers would probably have been more comfortable); I hadn’t worn high heels in so long, I’d forgotten how difficult walking in them could be. And we had walked around quite a bit before I was able to convince Hannah to stop and have a drink.

She was busy catching up with friends, and I dutifully tagged along, clomping around clumsily in these unfamiliar shoes. Walking behind her, I looked like some sharecropper stepping over rows of cotton as Hannah glided effortlessly along in her own mile-high heels as if she were floating over the pavement. Her skirt seemed even shorter and tighter than mine, probably an illusion due to her long, toned legs, yet it didn’t seem to slow her down even a little bit.

And oh my goddess… she had the perfect bottom.

Despite my pain, I did love that view; it kind of made it all worthwhile.

Still, I was happy we were sitting at a table in this crowded café now.

The sights, the sounds, the smells of humans and vampires all mixed together… often, when humans and vampires mixed it didn’t end well for the humans, but there were always certain events that were exceptions to the rule, and this was one of them. There was an unwritten agreement that we vamps wouldn’t ever feed during the film festival; there was no point in drawing attention to our existence, especially with all of the publicity surrounding the event.

As a result, we were all hungry. Starving, in fact. It was like being at a banquet while having your mouth sewed shut. So we were all acutely aware of any slight opportunity for a snack.

(sound track: Evil, by Earth, Wind and Fire)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/FKU69I46bV0?feature=oembed"

All of a sudden, both Hannah and I looked up from our drinks to witness the most pitiable sight I think I had ever seen.

Two girls were leading a third one around as if she were on an invisible leash.

They were all vampires; the lack of any heartbeat was a dead giveaway, so to speak. The first two looked healthy and well fed, and at first I couldn’t figure out why. Then I looked more closely at the third girl. She was pale and thin, her light brown hair was dull and a bit dirty, and she was clearly miserable. I had never seen anyone look so unhappy in my entire existence, alive or undead. Suddenly I realized why; I was horrified, and I could tell that Hannah was incensed.

These two girls were actually feeding on their own sister in order to sustain themselves!

A small exchange of blood was required when you became part of a family, and a single feed and exchange in order to turn a human was necessary, but what these two were doing contravened all the laws of our kind. A vampire would feed on human blood, or animal blood if they were squeamish about feeding on humans.

Rival clans would fight and even exterminate each other gleefully, but even the most hateful would never, ever consider feeding on another vampire consistently.

It just wasn’t done.

The three of them walked past us as we sat there, never once glancing in our direction.

Cannes was full of vampires, and we were just another couple taking in the night air.

Well, not anymore we weren’t. Hannah carelessly tossed a 200 franc note onto the table and said sharply, “Come on, Cool. We need to go, now!”

As I rose up from the table, I pulled my skirt down towards my knees once again, somewhat unsuccessfully.

When I heard that tone of voice from Hannah, I knew that there was a battle coming. Neither of us was really dressed for fighting, but I was ready to back her up, no matter what. She was a vamp enforcer, and in this situation, she wasn’t going to wait for orders before she acted. By then, it might be too late for this poor unfortunate girl.

They were already halfway down the block as we began following them. The smallest vampire stumbled on a bit of uneven pavement and almost fell to her knees, barely able to right herself in time. The eldest, a tall woman with wavy dark brown hair, turned and said, “Hurry up, Victoria! We have places to be, and you are slowing us down.”

Her tone was harsh, and her accent was strange; I couldn’t place it at all. "Kris, make sure she keeps up with us."

“I’m walking as fast as I can,” the girl moaned, her soft voice plaintive. “I’m weak, I’m starving, and I can’t do any better than this. And I really need to pee, too.”

The third vampire, the one called Kris, was another small girl with reddish straight hair.

She laughed at that. Her laugh sounded quite cold and evil to me.

In fact, both of these two exuded an aura of evil. Only their poor victim seemed to be free of it.

On the surface, I suppose most people would see all vampires as evil creatures, but most of us really weren’t evil at all. We had an affliction, or an addiction, as some of us preferred to think of it, and we dealt with it in varying ways. Only the worst of us fed indiscriminately. Many of us modern day vampires had chosen a moderate lifestyle, hunting only animals in general. Some had even eschewed hunting altogether, if there was another blood supply available. There was a large black market in blood packs for those who chose not to hunt, and this was the most popular option for those who could afford it.

Most of us who fed on humans only fed on the worst low-life evildoers, people the world was better off without in any case. We justified, or rationalized, our behavior by telling ourselves that they deserved their fate and wouldn’t really be missed by anyone.

But to feed on another vampire, over and over again? What kind of scum were we dealing with here?

These were the thoughts running through my head as we followed this trio at a discreet distance.

We were moving out of the main part of town; the streets were less crowded now, but we still weren’t about to start any sort of confrontation here.

As we walked along behind them, I turned to Hannah and asked, “So, what are you thinking?”

She replied quietly, “We free the girl. No one deserves what she’s going through.”

“And what about the other two?”

“Well, that depends on what they do, really. It would be better if they were willing to let her go without a fight, but somehow I don’t envisage that as a possibility.”

I saw her clench her fists tightly. Trouble was brewing, for sure. Meanwhile, I could feel the desperation welling up in the poor little vampire as her need to pee became more and more urgent. The other two walked along in front of her, either oblivious or uncaring as she struggled to maintain control of her swollen, overburdened bladder.

Every so often, she would double over as a spasm hit her, and even from this distance I could smell the urine leaking out into her panties as they grew more and more damp with each small occurrence. The smell was so sweet, and I longed to taste her.

“Cool, get a grip on yourself, please,” Hannah scolded, her voice pitched to my ears only.

By now we had been walking for some time, and we had left the crowded part of town far behind us.

We had entered a residential district, with small houses lining either side of the narrow street.

Hannah and I slowed our pace so as not to be obvious, but there weren’t many other people around, so we had to make a real effort not to draw attention to ourselves.

Luckily, the three vampires ahead of us seemed to be lost in their own little world and totally oblivious to our presence for the moment. They finally stopped in front of a tiny house on a side street, and rang the doorbell.

After a short interval, the door was opened by a tall, skinny man with very pale skin.

“Good evening, ladies, and welcome!” he intoned, his voice deep and sonorous. “And what have you brought us tonight, Judith?”

“Good evening, Cestus,” the tall woman replied. “I brought dessert.”

She smiled, exposing her parchment colored fangs.

The man moved aside to let the three of them pass, and I could hear noises inside that led me to believe there was some kind of party going on. There were at least a dozen vampires there, judging by the sound of it, in addition to the man she called Cestus and the three newcomers. Then the door shut firmly behind them.

I turned to Hannah again. Her mouth was set into a hard line, her fists still balled up tightly at her sides.

“Maybe we should scope things out before we just rush in there? It looks as if we’re going to be seriously outnumbered this time,” I said. “You need to keep cool, girl!”

She looked over at me and smiled, although still somewhat grimly, as she extended her fangs.

“Don’t worry, I’m not about to do anything rash. Let’s just see what’s going on at this party, shall we?”

Hannah took my hand firmly as she walked towards the door and rang the bell herself. The door opened once more, and the man called Cestus looked us over quite closely, then let us in, greeting us with another “Good evening, ladies, and welcome!”

(to be continued)

\/###\/

*108*2013-07-20 23:05

{{: 

(Topics merged at authors request)

}}

The author is grateful for your assistance !

*111*2013-07-25 13:48

{{: 

When I first saw the title "Sisterhood of Blood" I was a bit hesitant to read it, since it seems like vampire fiction is everywhere and I thought, "Probably just more of the same stuff", but I decided to read anyway because I could not resist reading an obviously popular Omo story. Omo Vampires, haha, that's great! I certainly didn't expect that!

Frostyjr2, I'm really enjoying what I have read so far and can't wait to read part 12. You're a wonderful writer and I can only hope to achieve the skill you have (though I am working on getting better).

However, the whole time I've been reading, an amusing thought has been on my mind (Sorry if this goes off topic a little bit). I was thinking, since vampires and zombies seem to be the most popular movie monsters these days; they're basically everywhere, "Omo zombies are probably not too far behind..." but such a thing as Omo zombies could be a bit too disturbing.

}}

Thanks for your kind comments.

It makes me really happy that people are enjoying my tale and following along on this strange journey.

Vampire fiction is indeed everywhere these days, but i hope i have added a bit of a new twist to the lexicon, while harkening back to the original Bram Stoker classic just a tiny bit. No sparkly vamps here, that's for sure.

I did think about a vamps vs. zombies storyline originally, but in the end i decided to focus on just the vampires this time around.

Gotta save something for the sequel, right ?

{{: 

It's so very hard for me to read about poor Vicky's harsh fate since Judith and Kris got her into their power; the full of go, lively, plucky, tiny tot having become a deplorable shadow of her former self. From pt. 10 we already know that Hannah and Erica somehow will succeed in liberating Vicky. But pt. 10 took place in NYC 1999, while this chapter took place place in Cannes 1996. What happened in those three years in between? Oh, sis, you're keeping my excitement on a constant top level! And also my suspense for Vicky; I don't want her to suffer any longer. Please let H and E free her at once!

PS. And that Cestus character frightens me so much!

}}

Hannah and Erica will make sure that everything comes out OK in the end... i hope.

These characters are beginning to take on wills of their own...

*113*2013-07-26 12:13

Happy Friday !

Here's the latest installment of the story, i hope it will be to your liking !

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD Chapter 12 Stage Fright (CESTUS)

Cannes, 1996

(sound track: Violin Concerto, by Philip Glass performed by Adele Anthony with the Ulster orchestra conducted by Takuo Yuasa.)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL713926B111722485"

“Welcome, wilkommen, bienvenue, Mesdames et Messieurs, au Petit Bal des Vampires,” he said, his deep voice resonant in the small space. The man spread his arms expansively, the spotlight focused entirely on him. It was otherwise totally dark in this room, but our vampire night vision was more than adequate to the task of taking in the scene around us.

Once Hannah and I had been admitted to the house, we had looked around for any sign of the three who had entered just before us, but they had vanished.

The room we were in wasn’t large, and although it was packed, it was only with the dozen or so people I had estimated while we were still outside. There wasn’t a heartbeat among them.

All of them were vampires, and although there did seem to be different groups, every single one of them had a certain predatory air.

And they were all hungry; as I passed through the room, I could feel eyes on me, and I could almost hear the thoughts going around Inside their heads, thinking, “I wonder what she would taste like?”

It sent chills up my spine.

These weren’t ‘nice’ vampires, not in the slightest, not a one.

I pressed closer to Hannah, holding her hand tightly like a frightened little girl clinging to her mommy as we walked towards the back of the space which had once been a salon or living room, but now appeared to have been converted into a small theatre.

On the low stage, the man they had called Cestus stood in front of a heavy blood-red velvet curtain, and as he gestured towards it, he continued on.

“Tonight, we have for your delectation and amusement, a special morsel provided for us by my friends Judith and Kris. They never fail to bring us the very best, and I’m sure tonight will be no exception.”

He grinned, exposing his yellowed fangs as he did.

“And so, without further delay, I give you… VICTORIA!”

As Cestus moved aside, the curtains parted, exposing a bizarre scene on the tiny stage.

The small vampire girl we had seen earlier was now stripped naked, intricately bound with black and red nylon rope knotted shibari-style, and suspended from another black nylon rope which was running through a thick steel ring fixed to the ceiling and connected to another set of rings in mid-air.

She was tied up in a complicated pose: hands behind her back, legs crossed at the knees, feet pointed to the outside, and doubled over with her head down so her face was hidden at first.

I could feel the pain of her position, her feeling of humiliation at being thus exposed so cruelly, and the severe desperation of her urgent need to urinate as she writhed and squirmed in her bonds.

Standing next to her was the red-haired vampire girl Kris; she was just finishing up the last of the knots.

I was amazed that she had managed to execute such a complicated bit of rope work in such a short time, although to me she seemed less than pleased with the result herself, at least from an aesthetic viewpoint.

Devotees of shibari don’t like being rushed, and it was obvious from the way that Kris was tying those last knots that she was an expert: suspensions were notoriously difficult to achieve safely.

Still, the position was clearly painful; the joints at the girl's shoulders, elbows, hips and knees must have been extremely stressed. At first I was surprised that the bound girl wasn’t moaning in agony, but Kris passed in front of her and cupped her chin to raise her face up towards the audience. Then the reason was revealed.

She had a red rubber ball gag in her mouth which was fastened securely behind her neck by a black leather strap with a silver metal buckle, and no sound was even possible, other than a sort of soft whimpering noise.

The poor girl was starting to shudder and convulse, both with pain and from her urgent need as her full bladder cried out for release.

Kris applied an icy cold finger tip to the swollen bulge at the bound girl’s belly, and was rewarded by a gasp from behind the ball gag and a short spurt of clear urine as it jetted out of her victim's privates, splashing onto the floor beneath them.

My empathetic powers had me already squeezing my own pelvic floor muscles tightly as I willed her to stop the flow and not provide this humiliating spectacle to the hungry-eyed vampires gathered in front of the stage.

I couldn’t help but imagine myself in her place, and I felt sorry for her, but at the moment there was nothing at all I could do to prevent this from happening.

I could only watch, and do what little I could to support her psychologically.

Of course, me being an omo vampire, I was also now getting somewhat aroused by the whole scene despite my sympathy for the trussed-up victim. I just couldn’t help myself.

In the meantime, I could sense that Hannah was busy trying to assess the threat level of the other guests, figure out a plan of attack, a retreat route, and how we might be able to extract the girl safely.

Aroused though she might have been, she was so much better at keeping those feelings in check than I was; then again, she’d had a lot more time and motivation to work on that, being an older dominant vampire.

Kris smiled, her evil grin spreading across her face as she raised a finger in front of Victoria’s terrified eyes.

She waved it ever so slowly back and forth in front of her, and then she moved it down towards Victoria’s midsection once again.

This time, instead of a gentle touch, she made a sharp stabbing motion, jabbing suddenly into Victoria’s bladder and provoking another quick squirt of pee before I was able to help her regain control again.

The audience was really enjoying the show. I could hear a collective murmur of satisfaction every time the poor girl would release another spurt of her hot, fragrant urine onto the stage floor below her.

They weren’t omo vampires; they were simply savoring her pain and her humiliation, and Kris was doing a very good job of making sure that the girl’s pain and humiliation were severe, and that it would last for quite some time.

Now I wasn’t sure if I should continue helping her to stay in control, or if it would be better to simply let her lose it totally and empty herself onto the floor in order to end her pain and suffering. Her naked body was covered with sweat; every muscle was clearly in spasm, convulsing from her vain efforts to relieve the stress of her own weight and her uncontrollable need to urinate as Kris pointed her finger once more. She smiled that cold, evil smile yet again.

Victoria’s pretty brown eyes were welling up with tears, and as they trickled down her cheeks, I made my decision.

I couldn’t let this go on any longer.

I willed her to relax her sphincter muscles, and even before Kris could touch her again, she released a long stream of urine from out of her tortured insides, the swollen bulge of her bladder visibly shrinking as she voided its contents in a strong, hot, fragrant stream, accompanied by a hissing sound that was clearly audible to me even over the disappointed mumblings of the audience and the splashing noise of it pooling beneath her.

“Dammit, Vicky! What the hell is going on with you tonight?”

Kris muttered. “Normally you can take this for hours!”

I could tell that Kris was furious, having been deprived of an opportunity to prolong the suffering and humiliation of her helpless victim.

From out of the corner of my eye, I could see Cestus and Judith arguing bitterly at the side of the stage.

I smiled.

Apparently, the rather abrupt end to their little show was going to be a bit of a problem.

Suddenly, they seemed to come to an agreement. Judith walked rapidly to the stage, and exchanged a few quick words with Kris, who then moved to the hook and pulley system at the rear of the stage that secured the rope holding Victoria suspended in the air.

Kris unlocked the carabiner holding the main rope and unclipped it from the hook in the wall. Then she easily lowered the small girl down from her higher position to one just above the floor before securing it to the hook again.

Now Victoria’s feet could touch the ground, and I could feel a sense of relief flooding her body, once the stresses of needing to pee and being suspended had been removed. Still she squirmed uncomfortably against the ropes that bound her tightly, as if in anticipation of some other bit of unpleasantness still to come.

Cestus walked to the center of the stage again, and spoke once more in his deep, resonant voice.

“Mesdames et Messieurs, I apologize for the brevity of the first part of our show. However, I am positive that you will enjoy the next bit. We shall now auction off the right to taste the lovely Victoria to the highest bidder…’

The clamor of hungry vampires as they rushed towards the stage drowned out anything else he was saying, and after a brief chaotic moment, he had to shout for order to be restored.

In the tense atmosphere of the club, the anticipation was great as Cestus explained how the silent auction would go.

Pen, paper and envelopes would be distributed, and anyone who wished to bid would simply write down their amount on the paper, along with their name, and seal it in the envelope.

The envelopes would then be collected, and the bids tallied.

As the sinister Cestus moved among the audience, not a few vampires gestured for the materials to place their bids.

As he passed us, Hannah extended her hand, and received the pen, paper and envelope.

She quickly wrote something down, and then sealed the envelope.

“How much did you bid?” I asked anxiously. “Do you think it will be enough?”

I sincerely hoped it would be.

“Don’t you worry, Cool. It will work out, I promise,” Hannah replied. “We’re going to win.”

Cestus made another round to collect all of the sealed envelopes.

Some of the vampires had a smug look on their faces, as if they were already sure of winning the auction.

There were some obviously wealthy types there, and a few of them knew each other already, as we could tell from their glances back and forth. They had obviously played this little game before.

Cestus and Judith began to open the envelopes carefully, one at a time, arranging them into the order of their bid amounts.

There were eight bids in total, including ours.

Finally, when all of the bids had been opened, Cestus slowly walked back to the center of the stage, holding two pieces of paper in his pale, bony hand.

He glanced at the name on one of them, and then read it aloud.

“The winner is…” He paused dramatically, allowing the suspense to build before announcing the name.

”HANNAH OLIVEIROS!”

I looked at Hannah, and asked quietly, “How did you know you would win?”

“It was easy,” she replied, smiling.

”I just wrote ‘Take the highest bid, and double it.' ”

I laughed. Such a simple and effective strategy… only my Hannah could have come up with something so elegant on the spur of the moment.

Hannah moved towards the stage and Cestus came forward quickly to meet her, barring her way momentarily.

He first bowed deeply, and then looked straight into her eyes. With a theatrical flourish, he showed her the other paper, which contained the amount she was to double.

In his deep voice, he intoned somewhat coldly, “You do know that this is quite a large amount of money, my dear Mademoiselle. I don’t mean to be indelicate, but…” He paused, and then cleared his throat. “Ahem…”

“Monsieur, I’m sure you are familiar with the expression ‘If you have to ask…’, ” Hannah replied and laughed, tossing her long shiny dark brown hair aside as she opened her small black leather Coach clutch purse and removed several large bills.

She placed them in the thin hand that Cestus had greedily extended to receive them.

He glanced at them just long enough to verify the proper denominations.

Then he nodded at Judith to signal that all was in order, and moved aside to let Hannah take the stage.

Before she moved on, however, she spoke to Cestus again.

“For such a large sum, I believe my lover and I should be entitled to not just slake our thirst, but also to…” she then whispered into the tall thin man’s pointed ear, causing him to smile and expose his yellowed fangs once more.

“Mademoiselle, you have unusual requirements and tastes,” Cestus replied, unctuously.

“However, I am quite sure that this audience will enjoy seeing them gratified. Do what you will.”

At this, Hannah gestured to me to join her on the stage.

Despite my reluctance to be a part of this show, I had no other choice but to obey.

When I did, she whispered to me softly, explaining what she wanted me to do.

Now I smiled, showing my own snow-white fangs in the process.

Hannah turned towards the audience.

“You have already been introduced to Victoria. I would now like you to meet Erica, who will soon be performing for your amusement and delight,” she said in her most sultry voice.

“Erica is my submissive, and she will do just about anything I require of her. Isn’t that so, Erica?”

I nodded demurely, my eyes cast down towards the floor, where I could still see the pool of fragrant urine under Victoria’s gagged and bound naked body.

“Well, then, why don’t you hold little Victoria still for me?

I’m feeling quite thirsty now!” Hannah said.

Without a word, I got to my knees behind the girl who was still struggling against her restraints and held her tightly in my arms.

I could feel the perspiration on her skin against mine, and smell the sweet fragrance of her as I bent down towards her face.

OMG, it was so hard for me to resist the temptation to drink up the still-warm pee from the floor under her.

“Don’t worry. We don’t want to hurt you, but we’re going to have to make this convincing,” I whispered softly into her ear.

"Just go along with it, please. Everything will be alright in the end, I promise!”

Just as I finished saying that, Hannah bit hard into Victoria’s neck, sinking her fangs deeply into the small girl and taking a taste of her blood as she writhed in my arms from the pain.

I held her as tightly as I could and sent her my empathetic support to help her bear it.

I knew what she was feeling, intimately.

Although it had been a very long time since I had felt it, it was something I’d never forget: the extreme pain of that first penetration, the searing burn as the razor sharp fangs sank into the vein of one’s neck, the sting of an omo vampire’s bite being particularly severe due to our peculiar venom, the kind that would be lethal unless countered.

And I was lucky, having been on death’s doorstep when it happened and barely able to feel it.

The pain VIctoria was feeling must have been easily more than a thousand times worse than what I only dimly recalled from my own ordeal so long ago. But it had to be this way.

The assembled guests looked on raptly, every one of them wishing they had won the right to drink from her.

They were all so busy watching Hannah feed that none of them noticed as I discreetly unfastened the buckle securing the ball gag behind Victoria’s neck.

“Shhh,” I murmured softly, loosening my grip slightly and stroking her light brown hair gently with one hand to comfort her.

I knew what was coming next, and she probably wasn’t going to like it at all.

As Hannah finally retracted her fangs, withdrawing them from Victoria’s jugular vein, I could see the two perfectly round holes beginning to close rapidly. She was still in pain, her eyes closed, the omo venom streaking through her body like liquid fire as she writhed in agony.

Hannah gestured to me once more, letting me know it was time to remove the ball gag from Victoria’s mouth.

I whispered in her ear again.

“Hannah’s going to do something now, and you’re not going to like it, but it’s absolutely necessary. You need to take what she’s about to give you.”

Hannah laughed loudly, and said, “After such a long drink, I think I need to relieve myself. Erica, would you please help me find a place to do so?”

That was my cue; I quickly removed the ball gag from Victoria’s mouth and pressed her cheeks inwards, forcing her lips open as Hannah hiked up her short black leather mini, exposing her bare privates under her skirt.

Yes, we had both gone commando this evening, so when she squatted over the bound girl, there was nothing to impede the view of Hannah’s beautifully formed shaved private parts or the flow as a stream of hot and clear blue pee shot out of her urethra, Her urine splashed directly into Victoria’s mouth as I held it firmly open underneath her.

I was almost jealous, but Victoria just sputtered and tried to close her mouth or turn her head away so as to not have to swallow Hannah’s urine. Her attempts were in vain; I had too tight of a hold on her.

I remembered suddenly that Victoria wasn’t an omo vampire… yet.

Hannah’s pee probably didn’t taste so good to her.

As for me, I eagerly licked up the bit that had gotten on my hands during the wetting.

The audience murmured with delight as Hannah then ordered me to clean up after her, and I licked off the remaining urine from Victoria’s face as tenderly as I could. Then I surreptitiously took a tiny bite of the flesh at the heel of my hand, drawing a small amount of blood. Holding it in my mouth as I kissed her on the lips, I then teased Victoria's mouth open with my tongue and let that bit of my blood out onto hers.

I caressed her deeply as she began to respond, her body reacting almost involuntarily to my soft stroking ministrations.

Her eyes closed, and she moaned again, but this time with pleasure instead of pain.

The vampires in the theatre all watched in hot fascination as I began to work little Victoria with all my ability, and believe me, Hannah had taught me a few things in all the time I’d known her.

The audience didn’t know it, but we were now bonded as sisters, Victoria, Hannah, and I.

(to be continued) \/###\/

*118*2013-07-29 04:44

Well, it's past midnight here.

Thanks to everyone who read this latest installment of my omo vampire tale over the weekend, and special thanks, as always, to those who took the time to leave comments.

They really do mean a lot to me !

A huge thanks to the mods/admin for merging all the separate threads of the story into one main one now; and also to my friend (you know who you are, sweetie) who suggested that option... i think it has made a big difference !

Folks, i'm working on Pt.13 (chills) now; stay tuned for the next episode of SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD !

*120*2013-07-30 14:28

{{: 

Again your way of writing has put me right in the middle of the story. I get feelings, and I'm expressing them while I'm reading. I'm shouting out my loathing for Kris, Judith and Cestus, my hatred of them. You know, I recognize them. Characters like them are to be found everywhere around us. They make me angry, they make me scared. They are in the street, in my school. They're the bullies, who don't allow me to be what I am. They're the ones, who think they've the right to decide, what I should do, how I should behave. Who think they've got the right to mock me, even to beat me up for being different.

Sorry, if I got a bit carried away, but I blame it on your writing skill, that has had the power to meet my heart!

And reading the end of this part - "The audience didn’t know it, but we were now bonded as sisters, Victoria, Hannah, and I" - my anger petered out, and was replaced by a feeling of hope for the future.

}}

Dear littlest sister, i can feel your pain as you write those lines, and i suffer along with you.

I can only send you a huge hug, and all my support.

We must be so strong in order to be who we are inside ourselves, but that strength does reside within us !

I am reminded of one of my favorite lines from The Shawshank Redemption:

"hope is a good thing. maybe the best of good things. and no good thing ever dies"

<3

*121*2013-08-01 12:38

Dear fiends, fans and friends...

I am working hard on the next bits of this story, and should have something to share with you by tomorrow. Please stay tuned for the next episode of this omo vamp tale, and i thank you all for your support.

Over 5K views...

THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU ALL !

*123*2013-08-02 11:11

Happy Friday, my friends !

Here's the latest chapter in the series, i hope that you will enjoy it !

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD Chapter 13

REUNITED (The Doctor)

St. Andrew's Hospital, Essex, UK 1991

(sound track: HEATHER, by Billy Cobham)

%http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLKJqIvn-dM

The rain poured down relentlessly as Petra looked out the window of the small office. The last time she had seen a window without bars on it was more than eight years ago, shortly after the night she and her brother had gone looking for their younger sister Vicky in the suburbs of Paris, only to encounter...

Petra turned her thoughts away from that night with only a small degree of effort. She’d become quite an expert at not thinking of certain things in the time she’d spent here, and even at denying the existence of things she knew to be quite real from her own personal experience.

Like someone undergoing the tortures of the Inquisition, she had finally recanted under duress, at least externally. It was only by denying what she knew beyond the shadow of a doubt to be real that she could convince these unsuspecting idiots that she was actually sane.

The irony of it was not totally lost on her; even the fact that her own personal sense of ethics had prevented her from telling them what they wanted to hear for so long was quite ironic, her insistence on telling the truth about that night being interpreted as clear proof that she was still delusional.

Peter had tried his best to have her released.

He had even tried corroborating her story to the best of his ability, but he had been outside on the doorstep while she was suffering through her ordeal, and during the brief time he had actually been inside that cold dark room, he couldn’t truthfully say that he’d seen anything at all.

Still, he had stood by her all these years, visiting faithfully every weekend and trying to convince her to just tell the doctors what they so obviously wanted to hear: that there were no such things as vampires.

That she had experienced some sort of mental breakdown without any apparent cause.

That she had imagined the whole thing.

That their sister was alive and well, and had simply chosen to arbitrarily leave her life behind and to not have any contact or communicate with her brother in any way for all this time.

And they claimed she was delusional?

Petra laughed bitterly to herself, eliciting a quick glance from her doctor before getting her emotions in check once more.

“Miss Kushkin, are you feeling alright?” he asked solicitously.

“Yes, Doctor Perry. I’m fine… I’m just happy I’m finally going home.” Petra smiled warmly at him.

He was a gentle and quiet fellow with sandy blonde hair and oval glasses, and his concern for Petra was obvious. In fact, over the years he had had her under his care, he had grown quite fond of her. Her physical appearance hadn’t hurt; her face was still quite beautiful, something even over eight years of her having been institutionalized couldn’t change. Nor did the baggy pajamas issued to all of the clients at St. Andrew's do so much to hide the fact that she also had a stunning figure.

As attractive as the doctor found Petra physically, however, he was even more attracted by the quality of her intellect.

Even her delusions were logically coherent.

Dr. Perry was amazed at the way in which she had been able to keep up her insistence that her story was the truth for so long, and that no matter how he tried to pick her strange tale apart with logic, it stayed consistent.

It even made perfect sense… as long as one could bring oneself to believe that vampires actually did exist.

There had been times when he had even come close to believing it himself, although he had never let that become evident to his lovely patient.

Still, they had made great progress together.

Petra was now free of her delusions, and about to be released into her brother’s care.

Seeing her for the first time in street clothes, the young doctor couldn’t help noticing her long slim legs as she stood by the window in his office looking out at the rain, lost in thought.

The suit she was wearing might not have been quite the same fashionable item it was eight years ago, but that didn’t make any difference to him as he took in the way her grey silk skirt stretched tightly across her shapely bottom, either.

He realized now just how much he had bonded with this woman during the time they had spent together, and that he was actually sorry to see her go, even though he was happy for her.

He was truly going to miss her... yes, he would even miss the way she kept beating him at chess, he thought, and smiled to himself.

His own reverie was interrupted by the buzz of the intercom on his desk. He pressed the switch, and heard the nasal voice of the receptionist announcing that Petra’s brother had arrived.

“Excellent, Miss Haverstraw. Please do send him in right away.”

Dr. Perry rose from his desk and walked over to where Petra was standing by the window, still staring out at the rain.

“Miss Kushkin? Petra?”

The doctor spoke softly, not wanting to startle her.

He touched her very gently on her arm and was surprised by the feeling of hard firm muscle underneath her suit jacket.

Between the diet, medications, and lack of vigorous exercise, most of the long term patients at St. Andrew's were soft and doughy; this woman was as physically fit as a panther, though.

“Your brother is here. He only has to sign a few documents, and then you’ll be free to go.”

Petra turned around to look at him.

Doctor Perry had never liked the fluorescent lighting in his office.

He always preferred to use the small lamp on his desk, and now he knew why.

It was just for this moment to be possible.

Looking at Petra with the soft light of the desk lamp accentuating her angular cheekbones, the slightly Asian cast of her brown eyes, her pale, almost translucent skin, her long dark brown hair framing her pretty face, she reminded him of the girl in the Modigliani painting 'Jeanne Hebuterne'.

She was exotic, and she was so beautiful.

She was perfect.

There was a knock on the door. Stirring out of his dream state again, the doctor tore his gaze away from the lovely woman at the window and said, “Come in.”

The dark, heavy wood-paneled door opened, and Peter Kushkin walked in.

Petra wanted to shout with joy and fling her arms around him immediately, but she managed to restrain herself somehow.

There would be time for that later; for now she just smiled and spoke softly.

“Hello, Peter. So glad you could make it.”

Both Peter and Dr. Perry laughed at her quiet understated remark, and the doctor motioned for Peter to sit at the large desk. He pushed a few sheets of paper in front of her brother and indicated where he was to sign.

“Alright, this is the last one,” Doctor Perry said, finally.

Peter affixed his signature to the proper place, and the doctor placed the stack of release papers in the file on his desk.

He got up from behind the desk, and extended his hand to Peter, who took it in his own large hand and shook it rather vigorously. This was as close as Peter would come to showing his true feeling of elation at finally getting his sister back.

“Thank you so much, Doctor Perry,” he said.

Petra walked over to her doctor, and gave him a hug, taking him by surprise. He adjusted his glasses on his nose, startled as much by the strength of her embrace as by its unexpected quality.

“Yes, Doctor. Thank you so much. For everything,” Petra said, softly.

"You.. you're very welcome, both of you," Dr. Perry stammered, a bit flustered now.

Petra smiled at him warmly once more, then turned and followed her brother out of his office.

The good doctor shut the door behind them and then sat back down in his chair, thinking about things he probably shouldn’t, but could finally allow himself to.

Meanwhile, Petra followed Peter down the hallway and out the front door of St. Andrew's into the pouring rain.

Peter hadn’t thought to bring an umbrella, but she didn’t care.

She was feeling the cold rain on her face and seeing the fading light of an English autumn evening with nothing between her and it as she walked down the short flight of steps to where Peter’s black BMW M5 car was waiting.

Peter held the door open for her to get in, then walked around to the right side and climbed behind the wheel. He leaned over and popped the glove box open, pulled out a pack of John Player Specials, and then casually tossed them into his sister’s lap along with a lighter.

“Thought you might fancy a fag,” he said quietly.

Petra pulled out a cigarette, stuck it between her lips, and lit it without a word. She knew she didn’t need to say anything. Their psychic connection was already telling her twin brother everything she was feeling at this moment, and it could all be summed up in one short sentence.

She was finally free again.

###

St. Andrew’s Psychiatric Hospital, Essex, UK

Excerpted from Doctor’s Clinical Notes

Re: female patient PK

9/13/82: Patient presents as 24 yo female (DOB. 4/11/58) with no prior history of psychiatric problems. No allergies, no prior history of drug usage or addiction.

Patient was admitted to hospital with minor physical injuries but soon showed signs of severe psychological trauma – i.e. paranoid schizophrenic delusions.

In preliminary interview, patient repeatedly claimed younger sister had been ‘abducted by vampires’, and that she must ‘rescue her’.

Became violent; had to be put in restraints.

Performed PSYCH. EVAL. & OK’d subsequent admission to psych. ward.

Patient transferred to St. Andrews, admitted and placed under my care.

Patient exhibits symptoms as follows: severe agitation, sleep disorders, nightmares, frequent nighttime bed wetting.

Daytime depression alternating with manic state…

Subject to fits of rage. Occasional daytime incontinence.

RX. Thorazine / 50mg PO 2x daily.

1983: Minimal progress. Increased dosage to 100mg 2x daily.

1984: Minimal progress. Further increased dosage contraindicated.

1985-1989: idem

1990: Entered patient in clinical trials for experimental drug Sertraline. Responsive. Marked improvement. Reduced agitation, sleep patterns normalized, bed wetting reduced.

Delusions less prevalent.

1991: Patient released into brother’s custody.

Patient will need to continue antidepressant/antipsychotic medication as per RX:

50mg Sertraline PO 2x daily / 100mg Clozapine PO 1x daily (bedtime)

3 month follow-up, then 6 month, then yearly.

Prognosis: Guarded, but optimistic of full recovery.

G. Perry, MBChB

(to be continued) \/###\/

