Michelle’s most horrible days

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-10-06 20:18

Michelle’s most horrible days

Total and overwhelming panic was the first Michelle felt. She could not breathe. Horrible stinging pain was in her body. It was impossible to realize what happened. It took her a few minutes to figure out that she had just woken up and anything was totally wrong with her. Michelle didn't even try to move, but she needed air – soon! And how could this pain, this worst pain she ever felt in her life – where could it come from? Another panicked minute passed – and then her brain began to work. She took a breath and the horrible pain got even worse. She now started to realize, that this pain came from her belly – no, it came from her bladder!

Michelle, a beautiful 30 year old secretary, was used to have a painful overfilled bladder for many hours a day, sometimes all day long, but this was the most scariest thing she had ever experienced. It was so unreal, that she tried to wake up – soon! But she already was awake. Now her 2nd alarm clock started to ring. The 1st one must have done it’s job without been heard. But she must have woke up just by it’s sound.

Michelle was used holding back her pee back for as long as she could remember. She only got in trouble by that, but she never used any other toilet than that in her own bathroom all her life. Always others tried to dissuade her from this habit, first her parents, then her teachers and friends, and later her – ever just short time – partners. But she never gave in, no matter how bad she had to suffer. For Michelle, peeing in other bathrooms or even public toilets was absolutely unthinkable.

She was able to hold back her pee, no matter how bad it was, and so she did, no matter how much longer she would have to wait. Sometimes she would make weekend trips and also then waited until she was could use her own private bathroom at home. But she had also learned early on to hide her struggle and pain. But ever her lovers found out after a while – and told her to stop this strange habit. Michelle was used to losing her lovers because of her always overfilled bladder. So she often kept even more extreme pressure in her tortured bladder to forget her heartbreak.

Michelle liked to dress sexy. She often wore tight jeans or miniskirts and really very high heels. But she also had such a fascinating body that it would have been a sin to hide it. And she was able to walk properly on any heel height, even on cobblestones, without wiggling her feet. This was the result of her ballet lessons, which she had received since she was a little girl. She was very ambitious and despite her bursting bladder, she always danced like a goddess, powerfully, precisely and with fascinating grace.

But now Michelle was at her limits – for the first time in her life. Sweat was on her forehead and tears in her eyes. She had often dreamed that she had to go to the bathroom urgently when she had a full bladder, but this time she woke up without a dream and was absolutely dying for a pee, like she had never done in her life. Michelle still was unable to move. She had to do anything – and very soon! She couldn't stand this pressure for more than a few seconds – » if « she would anyhow hold it at all...

The alarm clock was still ringing. Michelle had 2 alarm clocks. The 1st to wake up and the 2nd to to get out of the shower and and get ready to go to work. Jesus! She had to get up soon or she would be late. More panic built up inside her, while the first panic hadn't even subsided. Michelle just jumped out of bed and at the same moment almost blacked out from the resulting worst pain. She regained control of her body and looked at her so tortured bladder. On her flat ballet dancer's belly was a mound 6“ (15 cm) high.

It extended from her pubic bone to her lower ribs and from hip to hip. Michelle was about to explode, but she didn't have time to pee now, she had to shower and go to work. No clear thinking was possible in her state, so she went to her bathroom and jumped in the shower, turned on the water and almost died when the initially cold water hissed out. Any other woman or man would have peed in the shower – at least after that extra shock, but Michelle never peed anywhere but her own private toilet, no matter what – not even when she lost a lover for holding back her pee when he told her to stop playing such games...

Michelle got angry about her bladder and took some soap to wash her belly as well. The pain she felt by this was terrible, but Michelle did not give in, as she always had in her life. Furiously, she began massaging her bladder with increasing force. She »was« able to hold it, so she would hold it! Michelle decided to get to work in time to train her bladder to hold even such pressure – as long as she wanted to hold it. So she had to endure that pain and pressure for at least 10 hours when she got back home in the evening!

Her body shivered with the effort of holding this extreme load inside her, but she dried her hair and body, began brushing her teeth and putting on makeup. It was cold in Michelle's bathroom, so her overwhelming need to pee was getting worse with each passing minute. But no matter how bad it was, Michelle now knew she was even capable of holding back these gallons of pee, so there was no discussion, she had to wait until she got home at night. Michelle had often held back her morning pee, because twice a week she worked in the evening in a small bar and drank a lot with her guests. And then the short pee before bed was not enough. About 15 minutes later, her bladder was bursting again. But by then she was asleep and dreaming about having to hold back her pee for a few more hours. In the morning, she often had to skip her morning pee to get to work on time.

But this time it was different from all the other suffering days after her evening and night job. Not only did her bladder really hurt bad and throb, but she was about to explode. She had never had such a large bulge under her belly. How could her bladder have filled up so much more tonight???

As Michelle jumped into her new and still way too tight jeans, she became aware of a new problem: that big bladder wouldn't fit into her tight new jeans. There was no time to look for other clothes, and – furiously – Michelle thought about why the hell she should give in for the comfort of her bladder? Her bladder had to hold its load anyway, and she always was able to control it, no matter how bad it was. Ambitiously, Michelle pulled her belly in with all her might, almost collapsing by a blackout, but she zipped up her jeans and her belt. Then she furiously tightened her belt 2 more notches to show herself that she would definitely be the winner, anyhow. In the same second she realized that this was a big mistake, but she would not give in now – never, never, never!

Michelle slipped into her highest sexy stiletto pumps with 7" extra slim pencil heels (7" = 18 cm). She knew this was also a mistake, because she would suffer hard after a few minutes, but she would suffer anyway because of her full bladder and that was much worse. A good opportunity to wear the brand new pumps for the first time. The last few days she had decided to wear them at home first and only for a few hours at a time, but now it didn't matter how her body felt – she would have to suffer all day anyway.

Michelle was really late now. She started running down the stairs, and that was really difficult with those heels, even for her... When she walked as fast as she could to get her bus, even if she was late, her calves started to hurt, but that was nothing new for Michelle, she just kept walking that fast and her ballet training was a good help. But the hard steps with her high heels on the concrete pavement made it worse for her bladder. Michelle felt tears welling up in her eyes as the first spasms drove through her abdomen. It had been a mistake to hold back all that pee – after those spasms in the morning and much more, she would never be able to hold it in for all those hours. What if she had to sit down and the front of her tight jeans put extra pressure on her so extremely overfilled bladder. No muscle would be able to withstand such a strain for more than a few minutes...

Michelle kept walking, saw the bus and started running as fast as she could – and she was really fast. She left behind the other people, who were also running to the bus. Her heels were blocking her feet, but her ambitious spirit propelled her. Michelle got the bus. Michelle also got a seat and made a new mistake. She sat down and her bladder began to spasm desperately – franticly – to get rid of this dangerous load before it really exploded. Michelle's body was wet with cold sweat and she saw and heard nothing around her for the next 20 minutes.

Then she regained control of her mind. And it was so horrible, she was dying, dying for ages and had to concentrate while her tortured body tried to save itself into a total collapse. Michelle was fighting it, now clearly feeling the worst of the pain and the hardest struggle to keep her ocean of pee in her so far too small and so extremely compressed bladder. Her new jeans bulged out – and Michelle automatically pulled in her belly with all her might... A nightmare !!!

The stop came and standing up should take the pressure off her bladder, but she still had to pull her belly in. And now the pressure from the seat on her quivering pees hole was gone...! A new fight!

It was getting late, so Michelle decided to take the short walk to her office – a 20-minute walk over bad old cobblestones. With her bladder that overfilled, Michelle couldn't think straight! The longer walk would have been faster on her 7" heels, but now she had to walk full speed over worst old cobblestones without slowing down – and that was too much even for her ballet legs. Michelle felt her legs slowing down. Michelle quickened her pace. Michelle felt her calves hurting more and more.

Michelle had to speed up even more to reach her office in time. Michelle forced herself to move her feet faster and faster over the terrible cobblestones on her way. Her bladder was now starting to scream too, as her whole body was strained and she couldn't pay attention as she walked so fast, but each step directly caused a hard bump on her rock hard and very heavy bladder. Michelle hurried more and more and she fought and fought with her whole well trained body against her absolute limits and the force of nature...!

When she finally reached the office, she wiped off her sweat and began to sexily walk with swaying hips and confident-looking steps. Her calves were rock hard, but she tried not to show any signs of stress. She grabbed a cup of coffee from the kitchen and a bottle of water from her desk and started drinking – just so she wouldn't show anyone that she was at her absolute limit. But soon she was drinking more and more, and more slowly. And her colleagues, first after years, again started to think about her habit to never use the toilet at work. In the beginning of her job there, they figured it out. They had asked Michelle, and when she told them she never used a restroom other than her own private one, they tried to get her to use it. It had been a rough couple of weeks then. She often had drunk lots of fluid and got invited to a nearby bar after work – even before her ballet training... But her tortured bladder always won those fights – somehow.

This time Michelle really had to pee very soon now, even without a drop of water more...!

Michelle did not get up. Michelle had been drinking a lot all day, almost vomited, but she held back her pee. Her bladder couldn't expand in her tight jeans and under her contracted abdominal muscles that held her belly flat at full force all the time. So her bladder couldn't fill up either...

The work was harder than ever: sitting, standing up, sitting back down, standing up and to squat to pick up a low positioned folder, standing up again and walking to sit back down. And at lunch, a really heavy load of brochures. Our, well trained from ballet, Michelle had to carry all the boxes in front of her belly. They were really too heavy boxes, but she was too ambitious to give in. Michelle pressed the boxes onto her belly while holding them with all her strength, and she saw her force fizzle out – her strength to carry the boxes and her strength to hold her pee.

And she was still wearing her 7" heels as she walked out into the cobblestone yard towards the truck and then down all the steps to the basement. Her calves hurt bad and her legs quivering, no matter about all her ballet training. Every step down was a little jump, additionally given to her almost exploding bladder. The heavy boxes, a big container full of, got more and more heavy and poor Michelle pressed it against her belly with all her force not to let it fall down. Her bladder went from one spasm to the next, only brief pauses when her voiding muscles gave in for a few minutes. Her sphincters had no real breaks, but at had to hold the extra pee pressure, caused by the heavy boxes, she pressed with all their might against her bladder – and that was still a lot, because otherwise the boxes would have fallen down! Sometimes the spasms doubled, like a kind of "vomiting" of the bladder.

The first wave would hit her sphincter with full force, and the second would come just as the first had subsided and Michelle was trying to relax a little to resist the next brutal spasm. Michelle's muscles worked harder than they ever had in her life. She almost lost her load during a triple spasm, but she was able to stop it just short of the last inch in her urethra. Now her need became so extreme that for the first time in her life, Michelle thought about going to the bathroom there...

Only 10 more (way too big) boxes of about 40 kg to carry. Michelle tried to do her work and tried to forget about her idea of going to pee. But now she was having double spasms more and more often – and even every time she went down the top steps, she had a major violent triple spasms. It was like witchcraft or self-hypnosis, poor Michelle secretly screaming in pain, but going on and on and on on her much too high and so extremely thin pencil heels. More and more pee went down into her urethra and it was almost impossible to stay dry.

Back at her place, Michelle's colleagues thanked her – the sporty and strong ballet dancer – for her powerful task, because no one else was able to carry 100 boxes that were too big to be carried on one shoulder and weighed 40 kg each. Her 2 male colleagues had tried first, but gave up after a few meters because the box slipped out of their hands. If they had known about Michelle's dangerously overfilled bladder and her cramping so badly, so violently...

For lunch, Michelle ate a salad and a large 2-liter bottle of water. She was nervous and her throat was dry. She knew she couldn't hold so much more fluid, but she didn't want to show her coworkers that she had to pee, because they would laugh and make fun of her, since she had always told them she would never use a restroom other than her own at home.

By the end of her lunch break, Michelle had emptied her bottle – all 2 liters of it... What a mistake, she realized...! But now it was too late, just as it had been too late for her unimaginable urge to pee after waking up. In the morning, she had barely been able to hold it in. What would happen after all that water...?

The elevator was broken. Michelle walked up the stairs in her 7" heels. With each step, her powerful ballet dancer legs hit her bulging bladder and squeezed onto it. She had to climb 20 flights of stairs. Michelle had tears in her eyes – but she kept going and going upstairs – in her 7" heels...

When she reached her office, she received a phone call: her department wasn't as athletic as she was, and they wanted to hold a conference downstairs – now. Michelle grabbed the requested files and folders and stepped back down all the stairs on her 7" heels. Each step hit her bladder like a foot kick. Michelle had been a ballet dancer all her life and was used to just continuing to dance when her bladder was full to bursting or something else wasn't right. Now she acted like she was on a stage, just going on and on. 20 floors down... Finally, she arrived at the meeting with her files and folders.

She was hard to sit down as her bladder got even more pressure from the waistband, but soon she had to get up again to hand a file to her boss. Getting up again was even worse, as the position of her bladder shifted and she left her seat, which had been pressing against her pee hole for the last few minutes. Then she had to sit down again. Again she had to move her rock hard and extremely heavy bladder, the pressure growing from her much too tight waistband of her jeans and the strong leather belt. Michelle's eyes filled with tears, so extreme was her pain. The whole day was an absolute torture...!

Michelle had to get up and sit down at least another 10..15 times, but anyhow her strong bladder still stayed closed and did not leak. She had never leaked in her entire life, but after that day, she didn't have confidence in the capabilities even of her iron bladder...

Towards the end of the meeting, Michelle, who was known as an unbreakable, athletic woman, was asked to bring one of the boxes of brochures from the office, since everyone was supposed to take plenty of them to their clients.

Michelle stood up, her bladder now protesting worse than ever in her life, but she bravely made her way up all the hundreds of stairs to the 20th floor. She picked up the box of brochures, and it was extremely heavy – even well over 40 kilos. But Michelle thought that she would just be a little weak after this extreme holding, keeping her legs pressed together for many, many hours. And walking the 20 floors up on her 7" heels with a bursting bladder – twice – was also work that made even her legs weak...

So Michelle picked up the box, pulled it up anyway, and carried it down the stairs. Her steps on her pencil thin 7" stiletto heels were a bit abrupt now due to the heavy weight, but Michelle didn't give in. Each step was like a strong kick to the bladder area, but a ballet dancer never gives up. When she's on stage, she has to dance, and then she can recover at home.

After what felt like an eternity, her arms were painfully stretched, her arm muscles rock hard like a bodybuilder's, and her legs shaking from carrying all that heavy weight down from step to step. She had to hold her thin pencil heels an inch above the ground not to break it by the heavy weight. Her calves started to cramp. Each step down hit her foot and leg, went through her bladder and drove her crazy with the excruciating, torturous pain she had to endure, many hundreds of steps down. She had her load pressing against her so extremely overfilled bladder again – and she wondered how that could cause so much much more pain than it already did in the morning...

When Michelle got back to the meeting room, her boss opened the box and it was full of metal samples. She asked Michelle, how she couldn't figure out the difference between 40 kg and 110 kg. No thanks and not a word about her long walk up the 20 floors and down on her slim 7" heels...

Her boss ordered her to take the box upstairs immediately as it was worth a lot and could not stay here without any alarm going to save it.

Michelle was so shocked that she picked up the 110 kg box again, pressed it against her terribly screaming bladder and carried the box back upstairs anyway. Her legs were shaking like jelly and her bladder felt like it was filled with boiling water under high pressure. Her feet hurt, and she didn't know how she could reach the 20th floor with this load... She again had to hold her 7" heels a little above the ground not to break the pencil thin stiletto heels. To walk upstairs this way made her bend her legs into an even more extreme angle to reach the next step with her toes and not with her heels.

After she reached the 20th floor exhaustedly, she opened all the other boxes and found the brochures. She was barely able to lift this 40 kg box after carrying the 110 kg box down and back up again. But she knew she just had to do it! It was her own fault for never talking about her own limits, but just telling everyone that she would do it no matter what. No matter what...

So Michelle also carried down the 40 kg box, and after everyone had taken a lot of brochures, she had to carry them back up. Then she had to come back down and carry the files and folders back up again as well. Poor Michelle was about to die from the extreme effort she had to put in. Her feet hurt terribly, her legs were completely cramped by now – but the worst part was that her bladder was in a condition she had never experienced before: it was almost impossible for her to hold her pee anymore. Her pain was like nothing she'd ever experienced before, not even from a visit to the dentist when he removed an infected molar and the aesthetics didn't work. That sharp pain was in her bladder now. Michelle wondered if she had hurt herself by pressing the heavy load on her bursting bladder and all the bouncing steps down that had gone on a direct path to her bladder.

Michelle now also wondered how her bladder could have been this extremely overfilled when she woke up in the morning. Then she remembered the last night at her bar where she worked to supplement her secretary's salary. Her boss had been there and offered her lots of drinks. And Michelle had felt a need to pee, that extreme, she had never felt before – even not there. She had gotten home late because her boss didn't like leaving at the end of her shift. So she hadn't been able to go pee like she usually did, because her bladder was so extremely overfilled, that she couldn't even empty it completely.

She would have had to go again and again and again – so she had skipped it completely. And as that was after her bar-tending shift, which had gone on for so long, so Michelle had decided to hold her pee, to skip the evening pee just like the morning pee, and only go in the evening after the office today. She was proud to have an iron bladder and so she would cope with this problem. OK, it would be painful in the end, but she was used to holding a very painfully overfilled bladder even all weekend if necessary.

She did the math: she had drunk 5 large sodas during her shift at the bar, each a full liter. And the taste was a little strange, but she was busy and didn't mind. So those sodas will have been full of diuretic pills – and she now wondered, how she was able sleep with that load of hot, boiling pee... She wouldn't have lasted a minute longer than absolutely necessary, if she hadn't been so late in the morning...

Her boss had a bladder problem and she didn't like Michelle and her iron super bladder... That's what had happened...! But now Michelle was angry, really angry! She decided to hold back her pee as long as possible and show her boss that nothing helped against her iron bladder – not even the worst diuretic pills...!

Michelle decided to invite her boss to her bar after such a for her bladder and body terrible day. She would drink even more of her boss' diuretics – well knowing this time... And in the later hours at the bar, she would offer to accompany her boss to her business trip the next morning. She would drive and her boss could sleep in the passenger seat car.

When everyone had left, Michelle went to her boss and thanked her for all the drinks last night and invite her back to the bar. Her boss looked puzzled, obviously thinking of a possible revenge from Michelle's side. But she agreed, and the two of them first went into town to do some shopping, and then back to the bar.

Michelle's boss couldn't understand how this young woman could hold her pee all day after yesterday's pills. She didn't even know that Michelle was late in the morning after her bar job and couldn't pee until now...

But as they sat in a small restaurant with a few tables along the street, Michelle told her about her last shift and how she went home and fell asleep right away. She also told her about her more than ever full bladder in the morning and how she was too late to do her normal morning pee. But that would just be a challenging, nice exercise for her. And she liked carrying the heavy boxes in front of her belly. It would have been good conditioning for her ballet classes, running up and down the stairs on her 7" heels. Her bladder would have had a little more pressure after all that time, but even that would have just been challenging, nice exercise for her...

Her boss was wide-eyed – she couldn't believe that this woman never had to pee, even after 2 days of work and diuretic pills in all her so big drinks. So a dirty plan grew in her...

By the time they reached the bar, Michelle's bladder was so overfilled and hurt so extremely, that she thought about giving in and peeing in the bar's restroom for the first time in her life. She felt ill, her blood was circulating at low pressure, and she almost passed out from the unbearable, torturing pain. But she had brought this situation on herself to totally shock her boss, so she couldn't give in now or she would blame herself forever...!

Michelle took off her jeans, put on a tight miniskirt she had bought in town.

Downtown she in an SM store had also bought a very tight training corset made of very strong nylon. She had bought it quite openly in front of her boss. The shop owner, a really strong man, had tightened the strong laces and warned her that her bladder would be too full to wear such a corset too tightly. She would pee herself within minutes. But she had laughed, knowing how hard it was to hold back all the pee just in her jeans. She told him that she was used in holding a full bladder with a little extra pressure – and she'd like to find a real challenge sometime, because her bladder would be too strong to ever give in. She had even ordered the man to tie her tighter and tighter. In the end, 2 strong men had laced her so tightly, that she had been in the worst pain in her life ever since – and with every wrong move and every step she took on her extremely high heels, she had been seeing stars since that moment.

But Michelle was a fighter!

So Michelle waited to get more diuretics, and she would drink as much as was offered that night!

And Michelle got all the rest of the pills, three times as much as the previous night. The blood pressure lowering pills almost collapsed her circulation, but she still anyhow survived in her blood pressure raising rage at her boss...

So the night went on, and Michelle's bladder was too full and too compressed to get any more diuretics in. But her bladder pain was a horrible torture in her much too tight corset. She should have listened to the men at the SM store...!

Anyhow her shift went by. Now her boss was tired, as she had anticipated. So she offered to accompany her boss on the business trip and drive the car. She had also bought herself a tight, old-fashioned business skirt, a white blouse and a blazer. But unfortunately, no comfortable shoes, so she had to drive the car in her 7" high heels with the knitting needle thin stiletto heels. Her feet were already hurting like hell, but that was her own fault...

Michelle was surprised when her boss told her she had to go to a very distant city. She expected that she would not be back home the same day or the next... That would be too much even for her iron bladder, after 2 days she already survived without any pee, lots of drinks and lots of diuretic. Oh, her poor bladder had to be really strong now... This was more than a challenge, this would even brake her seals... Oh shit!!! But now it was too late to give up...!

And her boss still wanted to break her. She actually walked on the narrow sidewalk of a bad cobblestone street and let Michelle use the bad old cobblestone pavement. Michelle's legs were cramping up. She was tired and her body had worked extremely hard today.

But then they reached the car. Michelle was sitting in the driver's seat and her legs were almost horizontal because her boss had longer legs than her. Michelle saw her boss looking amused at her heels. In this position of her legs, she had to bend her foot back almost 90 degrees to push the gas pedal. Even for a well-trained ballet dancer, that was only possible for a few minutes. So she asked for the handles to adjust the seat. But to her great dismay, her boss informed her that this seat was no longer adjustable because the handles and mechanism had broken years ago...

So Michelle gritted her teeth and did the impossible: she drove the car, an old pickup truck, bending her right foot backwards more than a right angle while her leg was almost horizontal, and after a while her leg started to shake and hurt like crazy. But Michelle wouldn't be Michelle if she gave in... She drove on and on, minute after minute, hour after hour and on and on...

In the very late evening, they reached the town they were going to. Michelle's foot was numb, she had pain in her overly tense instep and her leg was extremely painfully cramped. Her right calf was rock hard from this horrible position. And she would have to walk on her 7" heels after this ride, and she would have to look normal. She was not allowed to show any sign of pain or distress – according to her own plan!

And Michelle's bladder was in a terrible situation. Her corset had made it worse than she could imagine, but there was nothing she could do about it. In fact, it would get worse and worse over the next few days. And she would have to take it off at night and was not allowed to pee until she put it back on. Her bladder would grow to gigantic proportions, if the diuretic could do its diabolical work without the outside pressure squeezing her bladder too tightly to keep filling further. And in the morning, her boss would have to help her squeeze her bursting bladder back into the corset with a bottle hoist she bought, because she couldn't show up for a business meeting looking like she was pregnant minutes before giving birth...

But Michelle decided, if she was able to hold that load again overnight and her bladder was bigger than ever, her boss would be in worst horror and panic at the sight of her bladder. And if she were just strong enough for another challenge – a Mission Impossible – they would squeeze her bladder back into the corset and her boss would be shocked for the rest of her life...! But she would have to be very, very strong and extremely brave, for hours and hours...!

They had a double room in a nice hotel and she gave her boss the side of the bed to get up at night, while she herself chose the side against the wall, without any possibility to go out at night to pee. Her boss was surprised that she had nothing to do and Michelle was intentionally trapped herself! But that was Michelle's plan. She would overfill her bladder so much and squeeze it in the worst way, that no one but herself would be able to accomplish the task.

And she would do lots of sports exercises that would push and press against her bursting bladder, like squats and sit-ups. Michelle had forgotten the extreme pain she would have to endure and suffer her extreme pain and bladder urgency, which obviously did occur even to her many many hours ago. She would endure it all with a smile and still go home days later with a bladder bigger than any other human bladder in the world ever had been. Each day she would fill her bladder with plenty of fluid, and her bladder would grow to larger and larger and to giant proportions overnight.

In the morning she would put on her corset and squeeze it into place with the bottle hoist with far too little space left for her bladder. No one would be able to defeat her iron bladder, not her boss and not her diuretic pills, not the heavy boxes she carried up 20 floors with no elevator and on her thin 7” high stiletto heels, not even her own cruel plans to shock her stupid boss...!

But what if she had overestimated her iron bladder?

She had held her pee in, the morning after the first pills. It was hard work and she could feel her bladder played havoc from the extreme pressure. She almost peed herself that morning – but she didn't pee herself! In fact, she had been working overtime until now, still holding her pee in her nearly exploding bladder. She had even been drinking more and putting on the corset. Her bladder was still overly full and she was dry!

Michelle was too tired to realize how extreme the trap was, she had built for herself. She had no chance to escape, and her boss would do anything to make her pee her pants. And by her plan to make it worse by opening her corset overnight, she made it almost impossible to get out of her own trap later. She'd probably pee herself in a meeting, or she'd wet her business skirt – or in her boss's driver's seat... A nightmare, but Michelle pushed it away. She believed in her iron bladder and didn't see that this was a many times higher level than holding back her pee in a bar for a day and a night – or maybe 2 days and 2 nights, which was extremely painful even for her, but she anyhow ever managed it again and again – and didn't know afterwards how she was able to do so…

The 1st meeting was in the afternoon, so they had some time to sleep after their long journey.

Michelle carefully opened her corset and her bladder pushed it off. Her boss was shocked at the outline of her bladder! She had never seen such a bulge and she knew about Michelle's athletic and completely flat abdomen. Last week Michelle had worn a belly free shirt on Friday when they had no dress code. This clearly visible big ball must be her bursting bladder – just a challenge, as she had called it... Michelle's bladder extended from her pubic bone to almost above her navel and from hip to hip. It was about 4" prominent now and when Michelle's boss took another look at Michelle's bladder after a while, it seemed to even have grown even a little bit. After 3 hours Michelle was lying there sleeping on her back and her boss could not stop watching Michelle's really still growing belly. The diuretic pills had done their job – all her pills. But how could Michelle still hold such a bulging bladder shut? How could she even sleep in that condition?

Michelle had just been asleep for about 20 minutes when she was awakened again by extreme bladder pain. She carefully looked through her almost closed eyes and could see her boss staring at her bladder. She herself almost forgot her plan and that she was trying to look asleep, when she herself saw her bladder. It was now 5" prominent and now she knew why she had woken up with this horrible pain in her belly. Her bladder had doubled its visible size, sticking out about twice as far as before! OMG, how shall I get back into the corset, Michelle thought in a panic. She couldn't just wake up and put the corset on to stop her bladder from growing any further. That was her way of thinking in such a situation...! So she played as if she was continuing to sleep, while her pain increased to degrees she had never experienced in her life before... But she did – nothing...

Then the alarm on her smartphone gave Michelle the opportunity to wake up openly. She had to change for their business meeting.

Her boss was still in complete shock.

Michelle freshened up, leaving the bathroom door open to show she didn't pee. Her bladder was again played havoc again, when she was standing so close to the toilet bowl and the cold water pouring out of the faucet. But she just refreshed herself, took some deodorant, brushed her teeth and her hair and freshened her makeup. No one could see her longing for the toilet bowl, that was so desperately and extremely painfully needed. But Michelle was strong and stayed strong – even 3 days after her last pee and after so many diuretic poisoned drinks. Her bladder had now grown to 6" prominence and Michelle would soon need to compress it again into her corset. Would that even be possible anymore anyhow? Michelle realized in total panic that she had misjudged the fluid inside her body. And although she believed in her unbeatable holding abilities, she was almost crying now. But she knew it was too late now. She would have to play the game to the bitter end, or she would be the company clown...!

So Michelle took her now much too small corset and tried to fix it. She asked her boss to hold the corset in place and give her the strong laces to close it. Her boss just laughed and told her she was a fool to believe she could slip into that small and tight corset with such a big bladder!

But Michelle got angry. She was no fool and her boss would see it, if she assisted her just a little. So her boss held the small corset in place and gave Michelle the strong laces. Michelle used every 2nd lace and pulled on it with all her strength. Her boss would tie knots on the remaining free laces to make it so tight that Michelle would pull on it with the bottle hoist in her sheer excruciating pain, anger and inner aggression against her boss. She would show her about a non beatable bladder – her bladder…!

After what felt like an eternity, Michelle was laced as tightly as before – even with a protruding bladder twice her size prominent it's bursting at the seams. She tried to hide her pain, but her boss just stared at Michelle's giant bladder now again hidden and trapped in this horrible tortuously tight corset. Michelle had a very slim waist now – had even pushed and pressed her almost exploding bladder deep into her body. Her pee hole and clit were trembling in her effort to hold back her so urgently needed pee for hours again...!

What a girl! Completely crazy, but overly trained super iron bladder, a sphincter to squeeze water out of stone, sporty toned legs and feet. Able to walk on 7” heels even on worst cobblestone for hours and hours, an amazing body, extremely sexy – and brave like no one else on the world.

Michelle was "on stage" actually, just functioning because her brain was numb with the more than extreme agony. She put on her 7" heels and picked up the briefcase with the files and the really heavy pilot case with all the metal samples they needed. No matter how much her bladder screamed and protested and cramped, Michelle walked for the car. Her right foot was still painfully overstretched from all those hours of bending her foot backwards at a right angle on the gas pedal. But Michelle never shows her pain – a ballet dancer. She just smiles and sits down in the driver's seat to experience the same torture as the long way before. But this time her bladder is much more compressed and Michelle is almost unable to get into the driver's seat.

Then she gathers all her braveness and swings herself behind the steering wheel. With this sudden action, her bladder almost bursts. Her corset digs into her bladder extremely hard – and her full weight presses her into that position, so she can't react and slow down the action anymore. You can hear an unpleasant sound coming from Michelle's bladder wall muscles. It sounds like strong leather creaking. The pain is unbearable. Tears come to her eyes and she sees stars by her extreme pain. But her bladder seems to have survived the sudden action. Only a brutal stinging pain from her tortured bladder takes her breath away. Her strong muscles have stretched abruptly and returned to their position without without any muscle distortion or torn muscle fibres. If that would have happened, the extreme pressure of the last few days would have been able to make its way through the resulting gap. And that would have meant, that her bladder would have been able to really burst and explode…!!!

Michelle didn't know anything about her situation, she just felt the new extreme pain in her bladder. She should be more careful with her bladder the next days. But how was she to put her plan into action when keeping her bladder closed and compressed even in the worst situation? Should she sleep with her corset on at night?

Actually, she has to concentrate on the traffic, because there is a stop-and-go situation in front of her. She presses the gas pedal with her foot – because of her extreme heels – bent backwards again with her held straight. The brake on this old car doesn't have a brake booster. So Michelle’s right foot gets stretched to it’s limit and her left foot held straight, her foot on her tiptoes to press full force onto the brake. And Michelle has to do this in her slim 7" high pencil heels, she has to keep her heels off the ground...! But at least that distracts her from her horribly painful bladder, Michelle thinks. But when she has to stop the car again, the jolt goes through her bladder and makes her agony even worse. But Michelle can't give in now. Not now and not on this trip...!

The meeting takes place near a copper mine and they have to walk through rough terrain. Michelle's 7" heels don't help her there either...! Even her boss walks carefully in her boots. Michelle's right foot hurts like hell, but she still manages to hide her pain. She even walks normally, as if 7" stiletto heels were made for walking over construction site debris and overburden on the ground. She carries the heavy pilot case and briefcase as if it would just contain a single file folder, not the heavy metal plates. The jolts from walking over the rough ground on her extreme heels are now playing havoc with her nearly exploding bladder again. Poor Michelle – she built herself a terrible trap. But she keeps fighting on with all her might anyway!

Michelle is fighting while her boss discusses various things with the engineers. In the end, they get a heavy box with 120 kg of metal. Michelle offers to carry it to the car. The engineers just smile, but Michelle has been in so much pain the last few days and nights that she wants to show her boss how weak everyone else is. Michelle is close to tears and desperate like never before in her life. How is she supposed to last another day under these conditions? The athletic, slim girl is really angry, desperate, and actually even frantic because her bladder seems to be giving up. She just wants to get away and pulls up the 120 kilos.

She can carry it in her arms. The box is much too big and heavy for her. She can only hold the handles with fully stretched arms. The heavy box presses and hits hard on her bladder and Michelle starts to walk. She walks with the monstrous 120 kg box held in front of her. It presses and squeezes her poor bladder worse than ever – and she walks on her extremely thin and high 7" stiletto heels over the uneven ground. No one believes it, but Michelle is just trying to escape as fast as she can, this gives her the power to do this extreme work. Her slender ballerina feet stand on her tiptoes with the way too heavy box. She can't stand on her thin pencil heels on the ground – with that weight.

But walking like this on her tiptoes with the extremely heavy and large box makes her calves rock-hard. She can't walk like this for long, but she can't just stop either. She wants to bring her bladder – which is ready to explore for ages now – into a safe place. But what should do in her frantic actions? She presses an overly heavy box onto her bursting bladder. She has to hold it in front of herself, but her arms are too short, and so she has to keep her arms horizontal while all the weight pulls down toward the ground. Her extreme strength at the beginning of this action fade off. She now presses the box onto her belly and bladder, bending back a little more. The load on her bladder is enormous.

Her giantly bulging bladder under her corset screams in worst pain, but Michelle walks on. She really tries to get the big box across the big construction site to the cars. She steps forward on her tiptoes and uses the most intense Kegel exercises to pull her almost escaping pee back up. No matter how much her feet get down on the uneven ground, Michelle as a ballet dancer always keeps her balance. Her leg muscles get dimensions that almost tear her business skirt, even if it is made of a very elastic material. Her skirt goes higher and higher while her thigh muscles grow. And in the end she gets a lot of applause from the engineers, on the one hand for lifting and carrying the big container, and on the other hand for her sexy and not very visible muscles on the much too high and too narrow stiletto heels.

But no one even tries to help her. No one knows about her bladder pain. And how she has to struggle to carry this mammoth box on and on... Her leg muscles get dimensions that almost tear her business skirt, even if it is made of a very elastic material. Her skirt slides higher and higher while her thigh muscles and sexy ass grow. And in the end she gets a lot of applause from the engineers, on one hand for her lifting and carrying the big container, and on the other hand for her sexy and before invisible muscles – and all this on the much too high and too slim stiletto heels. But none of them even tries to help her. No one knows about her bladder pain. And how she has to struggle to carry this mammoth box on and on...

Michelle has to hold the 120 kg box in her hands and on her bladder dying for relief until one of the jeering men sees what is happening. She can't put the container onto the pickup, nor back onto the ground.

Michelle starts to shake and her legs start to shake like jelly. She is still standing on her tiptoes, her calves and legs are totally cramped again. She can no longer remove her feet from under the load – the much too heavy weight. So Michelle holds her load with the last of her strength, bending back more and more to keep the weight on her protesting bladder, not to let it fall down but also unable to put the load down without letting it fall to her feet.

After many minutes, while Michelle almost passes out from her desperate effort and the now more than extreme torture pain, the man calls his comrades and they rush over to help Michelle get the 120 kilos onto their company pickup truck. They try to open the boards but still can't move it. Michelle is nearly dying while putting more and more weight onto her poor bladder. The men don't even think about taking the load out of her hands and to put it on the ground. They just try to open the cargo area… Michelle is now sweating blood and tears, as she can't hold the way too big box anymore. But in the end, after almost 10 minutes, she is able to put it on the pickup truck. Her face is pale, her bladder is protesting in the worst way and the pain is more than even Michelle can bear. She almost cries, but somehow manages to stop before it starts.

The drive back with her cramped legs is pure agony, but Michelle is used to endure the worst pain, so she doesn't show any sign of her predicament. At least her boss doesn't see her pain, but is only annoyed by her strength.

When they arrive at the hotel, Michelle's boss orders two more nights and days at the reception desk. And she asks for the nearest drugstore. Michelle knows what is coming...

Michelle lies down on her bed, opens her corset after trying for a while. Her bladder sticks out 6" again. But it is still growing, as she soon finds out soon...

Then her boss comes back. She is still very angry and tells Michelle to drink a bucket with 3 liters of water and diuretic tablets for animals. She just tells Michele that even her bladder has a limit, like every bladder on earth – and she wants to see that limit today or the next day. Her next business appointment allows her to wait 2 more days and nights.

Michelle's bubble had grown to 7" by now and finally came to a stop. Michelle can't think straight anymore, she just won't give up, no idea what may happen...!

After drinking the additional 3 liters and all the diuretics, Michelle's blood pressure drops rapidly because of all the diuretics. She takes another 3 liters of water and her bladder again starts to grow and grow.

But at 10" it stops again. The pressure without any corset is that high now, that Michelle's kidneys can no longer produce urine against this counter pressure.

Michelle's boss tries to massage Michelle's bladder to get even more fluid into it, but that doesn't help anymore!

So she decides, that Michelle has to walk beside her with her corset on. The corset will be fastened and compresses Michelle’s bladder to a nearly flat belly. She is no longer clear-headed with this overly extreme torture and pain, but she doesn't give in either.

So Michelle walks beside her boss for the next 2 days on her extremely thin extra high 7” stiletto heels. Michelle is not allowed to open her corset the whole time.

And in the end she has to drive the pickup home and arrives at the company accident free. No accidents with her bladder and no accidents with the car.

She is so happy that she carries the box, which is much too big and weighs 120 kg, partly with her arms held far in front of her and partly on her bladder, which is now almost 'used' to being filled to the maximum, bulging out extremely and being compressed as much as even possible. And she showed her colleagues how to carry such a big and heavy weight to the 20th floor without any help. Her legs were totally cramped afterwards and her bladder in much more severe torture pain than before, but she reached the 20th floor on her tiptoes with her extreme load.

And later they all went to the bar and Michelle was still holding back her boiling pee. Her boss left the company soon after. Michelle hadn't even told anyone what had happened on that business trip. Who would have believed her... But her bladder is stronger than ever before. And from time to time, she arrives with her bladder filled to the brim and pushes it back into the smallest possible space. She has practised this many times since her business trip and now she can do it regularly – when she wants to, not when someone else does, like her ex-boss...!

So if you see a beautiful and very sexy woman on 7" high pencil stiletto heels carrying a heavy load or wearing a tight corset under her sexy dress, it could be Michelle. She is probably still working at the bar beside her secretary job.

Best greetings to sexy Michelle!

