Thank you Commander

Author: masterminor

*000*2013-07-02 22:59

Ok so this is something I just made up out of the blue. But first a little backround info. This is in the old cartoon the monster buster club it was my favorite show and even in cancelation and at my age it still is. This is a lesbi fic between two girls from the show named cathy and sam. Sam is an ordinary tomboy who always wears yellow which is also the choosen color of her battle suit. She also is a black belt and is african american in heritage. While cathy is an alien from a planet known as rapsodia. She out of her human morph looks sorta like a giant white squid with pink spots. But in her human form she is a bubbly, girly blonde caucasion. In either form she as specail powers to stretch her limbs infinently and telecanisis. They teamed up with 2 other friends named chris and danny. Chris has a blue suit while danny has red. They are in charge of battling trouble making aliens around singletown as the previous MBC did 200 years ago.

Whew with that on to the story sorry if that intro was to long.

Cathy and sam were in the clubhouse/secret base when they received. A mesaage "preautionary lockdown underway" With that said the commander flashed of screen and the whole place was encased in steel.The girls payed it no mind for some hours. Until cathy noticed sam begin to squirm. It was shortlived and decrete but she'd squirmed. Cathy smiled she had scheduled the lockdown drill today for this reason she wanted to make her bestie absolutly flood her white capries. She had never told sam of her fetish nor her lesbianism for that she would hate her forever. She decided to ask sam if she was ok and why she was squirming so much. Sam replied that she was fine and it was just chilly inside. Cathy pretended to buy it and waited sometime later sam was still descrete. While cathy was in awestruck amazment. How had she managed this long? And also how long would it last?

End of Chapter 1

