Thieves

Author: Anubis

*000*2013-07-29 17:30

The main concept of this story is an interesting one that I very recently came up with. I have spent a lot of time perfecting what I am about to share. Thanks for the very helpful tips and suggestions, frostyjr2. They helped me quite a bit. I hope I didn't miss any mistakes in this, but I don't think I need to worry about it too much.

Everyone, enjoy.

Chapter 1: A Bad Idea

Shelly, Jake, and Natalie crept through the woods, with only the half moon in the sky above, to guide their way. It was fall, so there were no leaves on the trees and they were wearing black hoodies over their t-shirts to keep them warm, as well as black jeans, socks, and boots, to keep them hidden from view.

Natalie’s heart pounded in her chest. She was excited; not knowing what she was doing in the woods at night with Shelly and Jake, which she had been told would be a surprise.

When Natalie had first become friends with Shelly and her boyfriend, Jake, her mother always insisted that they were not good people to be friends with. “That girl yer friends with, who dresses up like a slut, is gonna corrupt you girl, you’ll see,” Natalie’s mother used to say. “She’s bad news! That boy she always spends time with, who rides that motorcycle and drives that rusty pickup truck, is bad news too!”

Natalie never believed her mother. She had spent a lot of time with Shelly and Jake, since starting High School in her freshman year, and had a lot of fun with them too. They were now eighteen and had graduated from High School, but they were still friends.

Of course, if Natalie would have known what she was going to be doing with them on that night, she would have realized that her mother was right, all along, and ended the friendship.

“So, what is this black duffel bag for?” Natalie asked quietly.

“You’ll see,” Shelly replied softly, with a wide grin on her face, as a light, cold breeze blew Shelly’s shoulder-length, red hair around her face. “This is going to be fun, sort of like that one time we snuck around behind your mother’s back when Jake and I had that threesome with you.”

Natalie thought back to that time when Shelly and Jake had snuck into her bedroom and they had sex together. When that happened, Natalie had been terrified that her mother would wake up and find out because she knew that her mother would have been furious if she had caught them.

“We’re not going to do anything illegal, are we?” Natalie asked, suddenly feeling nervous.

Jake chuckled. “Maybe…”

Natalie began to wonder if she would be having more sex with Shelly and Jake, possibly in a place they were not supposed to be. Her strict, religious mother had taught her abstinence only, but nothing about sex, so Natalie had to learn about sex from Shelly and Jake.

Once she had discovered sex, she only wanted more, though she especially wanted to have sex with Shelly because she was deeply attracted to her. She found herself hoping they would be doing it again, very soon, but the dark clothes they were wearing and the duffel bags they were carrying led Natalie to believe they were probably up to no good.

“Are we going to have a really kinky threesome out here?” Natalie asked. “It’s too cold for that!”

Jake burst out laughing. “You would like that, wouldn’t you Nat? I know you want to get in Shelly’s pants again! You want more of that fine ass and I don’t blame ya!”

“Guys, shut up,” Shelly whispered. “I think we’re close.” Suddenly, everything around them became quiet, except for the wind blowing through the bare trees.

Like a knife with an ice-cold blade, the cold wind cut through the clothing Natalie was wearing, as it blew through the trees, shaking the branches, and stirring up the dead leaves that were on the ground. She shivered, realizing she was not dressed warmly enough for the low temperature. She also became aware that she would need to pee soon. Her bladder was filling up pretty fast, after she had gulped down the large soda in the back of Jake’s pickup truck. Her bladder felt like it was about half full.

The trio continued forward, as silently as possible, until a large, old, brick house came into view. The moonlight shone on the back of the house, which was facing the woods, where Natalie and her friends were. The building looked run down on the outside and there were very few windows, making it appear as if a vampire, or something else just as frightening, lived there. The house itself was surrounded by a brick wall, about five feet tall, which was covered with dead, brown vines.

“Why are we out here?” Natalie asked. Shelly motioned for Natalie to kneel in the leaves that were on the ground and the three of them knelt down. Natalie got down on one knee and her need to pee increased because her legs were spread apart. She began to fidget, so she got down onto both of her knees instead, so that her legs were closer together. Much to Natalie’s disappointment, she still needed to fidget, due to the discomfort in her bladder.

“Well, Nat, we’re going to break in there and steal some cool stuff,” Shelly said. “I heard that the old woman who lives inside of the house has electronic equipment, electric tools, and even some gold in there.”

Natalie could not believe what she was hearing. “You mean to tell me we are going to break into that place?”

Shelly nodded. Natalie narrowed her eyes at Shelly. “If I would have known that, I would not have agreed to come out here!”

“Aw, are you scared, Nat?” Jake teased. “It won’t take us very long and the old lady is probably half dead anyway.”

Natalie crossed her arms over her chest nervously. “But that house looks creepy and I don’t want to get in trouble.”

Shelly snickered. “Jake, she is scared, just like she was on that night we snuck into her bedroom.”

Jake’s devious grin looked creepy in the light from the full moon and it made Natalie feel a chill, as he said, “Sure it looks creepy, but inside, it probably looks nicer, and, like I said, the old lady is probably half dead anyway. We’ll be able to get in and get back out just fine.”

Shelly and Jake both noticed that Natalie was fidgeting a little bit, but they couldn’t tell if it was because of the cold wind that was blowing her long, dark brown hair around or because she needed to pee, which they both knew she needed to do a lot.

“Do you need to pee again, Nat?” Shelly asked. “You drank a lot of soda on the way over here.”

Natalie brushed her hair out of her face with her hand, because the wind had blown it over her eyes. Natalie quickly put her hood up over her head so that it was covering her hair and her ears, which were red and a little numb, feeling slightly embarrassed that they had noticed that she was fidgeting. “Just a little, but I’m fidgeting because of the cold. I’ll be okay.”

“Well, if we’re going to bust in there and get some cool stuff, we better get moving, now,” Shelly said. She stood up and both Jake and Natalie followed her lead. Shelly crept around to the side of the house, which was covered with shadow. She tossed her duffel bag over the brick wall that surrounded the property, before jumping up and grabbing the top.

Once Shelly was on the other side, Jake climbed up so that he was sitting on the wall, with each leg hanging on either side. He reached out his hand, offering to help Natalie climb up. “Come on Nat, I’ll help you get over.”

Natalie crossed her arms over her chest again, letting the duffel bag she was carrying hang from her arms. She shivered when another gust of cold wind cut through her clothing, increasing her need to pee.

“Come on, don’t be afraid,” Jake said as he motioned for Natalie to grab his hand. Reluctantly, she tossed the duffel bag she had been carrying over the top of the wall and grabbed his hand. Jake helped her up and soon they were on the other side, hidden in the shadow cast by the house.

“Well, you were right, Nat,” Shelly whispered. “This place really is creepy. How the hell should we get in there?”

Jake took a quick peek at the back yard to see what was there. He saw dead, brown flowers, in a flower bed along the back wall, an old, rusty, metal garbage can sitting in the middle of the yard, surrounded by tall weeds, and a rotten stump near the brick wall, which was also surrounded by tall weeds.

“Well, the back yard is clear,” Jake whispered. “All we need to do is sneak in the back door. I’ve got my lock pick, so it shouldn’t be too hard to get in.”

Natalie picked up her duffel bag and Shelly picked up hers. The three of them slowly crept around to the back side of the house, careful to stay as close to the wall as possible. They carefully walked around the dead plants, not wanting to alert anyone to their presence. Since there were no windows on the lower level, they were hidden quite well.

Jake pulled out a flashlight from one of the back pockets of his jeans. Both Shelly and Natalie had a flashlight just like it. They were small, black flashlights and were very lightweight, so they were easy to carry. The light bulbs were quite bright as well, making the flashlights extremely handy.

Natalie was really nervous as she watched Jake pull his lock pick out and she considered running away. Her bladder was getting fuller and the cold wind was just about too much for her. She started shaking her knees while she stood with her back pressed against the back wall of the old house.

Jake unlocked the door with a quiet click and pushed it open. He turned on his flashlight and motioned for Natalie and Shelly to follow him in. Once they were all inside, Natalie carefully closed the door behind them.

“Alright, what do we do now?” Natalie whispered. Jake turned towards her and put his finger against his lips.

Both Shelly and Natalie quietly set their duffel bags down and Natalie turned on her flashlight. They were in what appeared to be a small kitchen. There was a wooden table and chairs, a wooden counter against the wall, which went all around the room, and pots and pans hanging above the sink.

Jake started looking through the drawers in the cabinets under the kitchen counter, not paying attention to Shelly or Natalie. Shelly walked towards a narrow doorway, just past the kitchen. The doorway led to a study, filled with old bookshelves and dusty books. With a grin on her face, Shelly made her way into that room, with Natalie on her tail. As they were walking in, neither of them noticed the trip wire that was stretched across the doorway, just inches above the floor.

Shelly’s foot caught on it and she tripped, falling forward. As she fell, there was a bright flash and a loud bang, which blinded both Shelly and Natalie. Natalie dropped her flashlight and clamped her hands over her ears.

Natalie fell to her knees, absolutely terrified by what had happened. She could barely hear Jake shouting something over the loud ringing in her ears, but she had no idea what he said.

Natalie felt around, trying to find Shelly, while waiting for her vision to return. She eventually grabbed Shelly’s leg and shook it, trying to see if she was okay. When Natalie could see again, she discovered that Shelly was lying face down, completely unconscious. Natalie crawled forward so that she was by Shelly’s side.

“Shelly, wake up, we need to get out of here!” Natalie grabbed the back of Shelly’s hoodie and began shaking her. She tried desperately to wake her up, but was interrupted when she felt someone grab her hood from behind.

“No!” Natalie cried as her hood was pulled off of her head. Before she could fight back, she felt a sharp prick on the right side of her neck. She reached up and grabbed the spot on her neck where she had felt a needle go into her skin. In a matter of seconds, Natalie became drowsy and fell onto her side, unconscious.

Chapter 2: Desperation

When Natalie came to, her vision was blurry. She was lying on her left side, on a very cold surface. She could feel cold metal wrapped around her wrists. She tried to pull her wrists apart, but was unable to separate them. She also felt something hard wrapped around her ankles and realized she could not separate them, either. She heard the sound of short chains being pulled tight, as she tried to pull her wrists and ankles apart.

When Natalie’s vision returned to normal, she looked around and discovered she was in a dark room with nothing but brick walls and a cement floor. She looked down at her feet and saw hand cuffs wrapped around her ankles. She also realized that her bladder was very full and she felt like she had a bowling ball in her lower abdomen. Natalie began squirming around on the floor, trying to relieve the pressure in her bladder. I need to pee so badly! Natalie thought.

Sitting against the wall in front of Natalie, was a work bench. To the far left of that was a supply closet. Sitting on top was a desk lamp, which was turned on, casting a sickly-yellow circle of light on the wall and the wooden surface it was setting on. There was an electric, circular saw, sitting inside of the circle of light.

Hanging from the wall above the work bench was a machete, a large metal hook, a hand saw, an axe, and a medieval mace. What kind of place is this? Natalie wondered, absolutely horrified.

Natalie could not roll onto her back because her arms were in the way, so she did not know what was behind her. Trying to keep herself calm, she pressed her legs together, tightly, and folded them up close to her body, hoping to temporarily relieve the pressure that had built up in her bladder, but it did not help.

“Oh god, I’m going to wet myself…” Natalie began whimpering and squirmed around, trying to turn away from the wall. She managed to turn herself ninety degrees, but was stopped in her tracks when she felt a sudden urge to pee. She clenched her sphincter shut, struggling to keep the urine inside of her sealed in.

Once the bladder contraction subsided, Natalie looked at what had been behind her earlier. She saw Shelly lying on top of a rectangular, wooden table, about ten feet away. Shelly was lying on her back with her arms and legs spread out wide, tied to posts, which were stuck in the concrete floor. She was completely naked and the nipples on the front of her large breasts were hard and perky.

Just past Shelly was a large, metal door, with a dim light bulb sticking out of the wall above it, only illuminating a small area around the door. It might be an escape route! Natalie thought.

“Shelly!” Natalie cried. “Shelly, wake up! Please wake up Shelly!” She was interrupted when the large, metal door opened, with a loud squeak.

In walked a tall, thin woman, wearing a black dress. She had visible lines on her face from years of smiling, though she had a frown on her face then, and she appeared to be in her sixties. The lady had long, straight, black hair that went down to her butt and her eyes were dark brown. Despite her age, she looked like a strong and healthy woman and she was very intimidating.

The old woman’s gaze shifted to Natalie, their eyes locking onto each other. Natalie was gritting her teeth as the woman stared her down for a few seconds. “Please, let me go!” Natalie cried.

The old woman walked over to Natalie and stopped directly in front of her. She pursed her lips and looked down, watching Natalie squirm around where she lay. “Please, let me go,” Natalie repeated.

The old woman knelt down in front of her and she lifted up the front of the black hoodie Natalie was wearing. She also lifted up the front of her gray t-shirt so that she could see Natalie’s bladder bulging out of her lower abdomen.

“Well, would you look at that,” said the old lady, who began to smile when she noticed the bulge.

“Ma’am, I’m sorry we broke into your house,” Natalie said softly, hoping she could convince the old woman to let her and Shelly go. “It was not my idea. I just went along with it. Please…”

Natalie clenched her pelvic floor muscles as another strong urge to pee came and the contents of her bladder very nearly gushed out and soaked her panties and jeans. “Ma’am, may I please use your bathroom? Please, I really need to go!”

The old lady put the front of Natalie’s hoodie and t-shirt back over her bladder. Still smiling, she gently placed her hand on Natalie’s cheek. “You do, hmm? Do you think I should let you relieve yourself when you broke into my house?”

Natalie struggled against the cuffs around her wrists and ankles as she groaned in pain. “Please… Please, I really need to use your bathroom. Please!”

The old lady began to brush her long fingers against Natalie’s cheek, carefully rubbing the smooth sides of her long, black finger nails over the skin. “Should I let you?”

“Please, let me use your bathroom, ma’am. My bladder is very full.” The old woman shook her head. “I’m sorry, but I can’t. It looks like you’re just going to have to hold it all in. You better not get urine all over this floor. If I have to clean up your mess, I will not be happy and you don’t want me to be unhappy.”

Natalie groaned again and she could feel her pussy getting very wet with her feminine juice. Her desperate need to release her urine was deeply arousing, much to her surprise. “Please, I won’t make a mess on your floor if you let me use your bathroom. Please, I don’t know how much longer I can hold it.”

The woman stood up and turned her back on Natalie. She walked towards Shelly and Natalie shouted after her. “Please, I can’t hold it much longer!” Natalie watched as her captor went between the metal door and the table Shelly was lying on. With a smile on her face, the old lady brushed Shelly’s red hair and the side of her face with her hands.

“I’m sorry we broke into your house!” Natalie cried. “I promise that we won’t do it again! Please, just let us go!”

Natalie’s voice fell to a whisper as another bladder contraction came. “Please… I need… to… pee…” The old woman appeared to be ignoring her as she began slapping Shelly’s face, trying to wake her up.

Shelly’s eyes soon fluttered open and she looked at the old woman’s face in horror. “What the hell? Where am I?” She began struggling against her restraints when she realized that she was naked and tied. “Let me go!”

The old lady smiled at Shelly. “Young lady, you and your friend broke into my house. You’re going to have to be punished.”

“Where is Jake?” Shelly demanded. The old woman’s creepy smile grew a little wider, as she said, “The boy that was with you ran away when the flash bangs went off. I did not try to go after him because I know he will not tell anyone that I have you. If he did, he would need to tell the police about how you broke in and I-”

The old lady reached into the top of her dress and pulled out a DVD, contained inside of a small, plastic case, from inside of her bra. She then continued her train of thought. “-have it all on DVD. I don’t think I have anything to worry about.”

Shelly snarled at her. “You evil bitch!” She began struggling against her restraints again, but her struggle was futile.

The old woman put the DVD back where she had gotten it from and she clamped her right hand over Shelly’s mouth. “Naughty girl… I do not appreciate such language being used in my house. I should wash your mouth out with soap, young lady. Perhaps Mommy and Daddy didn’t do enough of that when you were a child. If they had, you wouldn’t be cussing at me.”

From where Natalie lay, she could not hear everything that the old woman was saying, but she clearly heard everything Shelly said. She grimaced from the pain in her very full bladder, which she didn’t think could fill up anymore than it had already. She began whimpering again and she thought about begging to be allowed to use the bathroom, once again, but she knew it would be useless, so she refrained from doing so.

The old lady walked away from Shelly, towards the metal door. She opened it and turned around. “I will be back in a little while. Both of you stay where you are!” She became silent for a few seconds before opening her mouth and spewing evil laughter, as if she had told the funniest joke ever.

Before leaving the room, the old woman looked into Natalie’s eyes again. “Natalie, I expect you to hold in your urine like a big girl while I’m gone. Do you understand me?”

How does she know my name? Natalie wondered, as the old lady left the room and shut the metal door behind her. Both Natalie and Shelly heard the sound of the metal door’s lock latching. Natalie and Shelly were alone in the dark room, terrified by the uncertainty of what was going to happen next.

*006*2013-07-31 02:03

Chapter 3: A Naughty Girl at Heart

It had only been ten minutes since the old woman had left, but to Natalie, it seemed like an eternity. Her pelvic floor muscles were clenched as tightly as she could manage. She was determined to keep her pee held in, as instructed.

Shelly had been listening to Natalie whimper while the two of them were alone, but said nothing the entire time. Natalie did not know why Shelly was so quiet, but she guessed that Shelly probably felt guilty for getting them into the mess they were in.

Hoping to distract herself from the pain in her bladder, Natalie decided to start a conversation with Shelly. “This is not your fault, Shelly.”

Natalie bit her lower lip while she waited for a response. Shelly remained silent and stared at the ceiling, not even bothering to look at Natalie. Natalie noticed that Shelly was shaking her legs and tugging on the ropes that were tied to her ankles. I wonder if she needs to pee too, Natalie thought.

“Shelly, please say something,” Natalie begged. She felt a bladder contraction and she held her breath, tensing every muscle in her body as she strained to keep her pee held in. She struggled against the cuffs around her wrists, wishing she could press her fingers over her pee hole.

While Natalie waited for Shelly to speak, she fought against the wave of desperation. She could feel her wet panties clinging to her saturated vulva, afraid that any second, her pee would flow out in a long stream, completely soaking her jeans and forming a puddle underneath her.

At last, Shelly finally spoke. “It is my fault, Natalie. If I had not convinced you to come with Jake and I, you would not be stuck here with me.”

Natalie gritted her teeth and felt beads of sweat run down her forehead. She wanted to say something else to Shelly, but her constant need to pee prevented her from talking. If I relax just one muscle, I will pee all over the floor! Natalie thought.

Natalie breathed out slowly and tried to assure Shelly that she was not at fault. “No, Shelly. I-I decided to come. It’s my fault too…”

Shelly looked over at Natalie and she shook her head. “You only came with Jake and I because you thought you would be doing something fun with me. None of this is your fault.”

What Shelly said was definitely true, but Natalie did not care about who was to blame. She was only concerned with getting away and being able to pee.

“Shelly, I-” Natalie was interrupted when her bladder spasmed again. She groaned loudly and pressed her legs together. She tried to keep her sphincter sealed, but she lost control and the pee began to flow freely.

“Oh god,” Natalie said. Her pee flowed through her urethra and soaked her panties before she managed to regain control again.

“Did you pee, Nat?” Shelly asked.

Natalie’s face became red when she nodded. She hoped that her embarrassment wasn’t visible, due to the poor lighting in the room. “Yes. It was just-” Natalie’s bladder spasmed once again and she fought against another wave of desperation. She closed her eyes tight and grimaced from the pain in her bladder.

Shelly continued shaking her legs, struggling against the ropes around her ankles. She bit her lower lip as she watched Natalie, a sign that she needed to pee as well. “Nat, are you going to be okay over there?”

Natalie opened her eyes and made an effort to reply, but her voice was just barely audible. “I’ll be okay. It was just a spasm…”

Another wave of desperation came, preventing her from speaking. A small squirt of pee escaped into Natalie’s panties and she knew that her sphincter would soon fail completely. Her bladder was just too full and the little bit of pee that had escaped was not enough to help her hold on.

“I can’t hold it,” Natalie said. “I just can’t. It’s going to come out. I can’t-”

“Nat, yes you can,” Shelly said. “You’ve got to hold it in. If the old woman comes back and finds out that you peed on the floor, she will be mad!”

Natalie shook her head and her eyes began to tear up. “No, I can’t! I need to pee! I can’t… hold it…”

Natalie experienced one final wave of desperation as her sphincter opened up. She tried to keep the pee held in, but despite her efforts, she could not stop the flow.

“I’m peeing!” Natalie cried. “I can’t make it stop!” The pee soaked the crotch of her jeans, with a loud hiss, before it flowed down to her left hip. The lower, left side of Natalie’s hoodie and the left hip of her jeans became soaked with pee as a puddle formed underneath her.

“Nat, you’ve got to stop peeing!” Shelly cried. Natalie clenched her pelvic floor muscles again and held her breath. She finally managed to regain control of her bladder, but she had already emptied three quarters of the urine she had been holding. Sighing with relief and smiling, Natalie gently set her head down on the floor, enjoying the feeling of the warm wetness of her jeans and hoodie.

Knowing that Natalie had peed made Shelly extremely uncomfortable. Though she was not as desperate as Natalie had been, she was having a difficult time holding in her own pee, since she could not use her hands, or close her legs, which Natalie had been able to do.

“Oh god, I need to pee soon!” Shelly cried.

Natalie looked back at Shelly again, concerned about Shelly’s need. “Will you be able to hold it?”

Shelly nodded and bit her lower lip again. “Yes, I should be able to hold it a little longer, but I’m tied up and I can’t close my legs!”

Natalie sighed with relief again, happy that her desperate need to pee was gone, but her feeling of being relieved was short lived. She suddenly heard the lock of the metal door open with a loud squeak. Natalie froze and her face turned pale as the old woman entered the room. She was carrying a large bottle of water in her right hand and four clothes pins in her left.

“Well, I have returned!” the old woman announced. She noticed Shelly struggling and an evil smile appeared on her face. “You need to go to the bathroom too, don’t you?”

Shelly scowled at the old woman and did not answer. She was determined not to show weakness.

“It is time to begin punishing you two,” said the old woman. “I even brought help with me.”

The metal door was left open and Natalie watched with horror as three women entered. One of the women was about six feet tall and appeared to be in her early thirties, with tanned skin, long, wavy black hair, and green eyes. She had large breasts, which were covered by nothing more than a lacy, black bra. Below her waist, she wore nothing but a pair of lacy, black panties. She was pleasing to the eyes and Natalie found herself staring. She looks like a goddess, Natalie thought.

She was holding one leash in each hand, with the opposite ends of the leashes hooked onto collars around the necks of the other two women. On her right was a thin, short, topless blonde woman, with small breasts, and she looked like she was in her late forties.

On the goddess’ left was a slightly heavy set woman with light brown skin, who was possibly about the same age as her mistress. She was definitely a beautiful woman, in Natalie’s opinion. She was topless, just like the blonde woman, with breasts that were quite a bit larger.

The blonde woman looked into the eyes of her mistress. “Miss Aalia, should I help the girl on the floor get up?”

The tan skinned woman smiled and quickly unhooked the blonde woman’s leash. “Yes, Jennifer. You knew what I wanted you to do without me even telling you. You’re such a good girl!”

The woman named Jennifer walked over to where Natalie was and it did not take her long to notice the puddle of pee that Natalie was lying in. “Miss Aalia and Miss Annette, she has peed herself!”

Miss Aalia unhooked the leash from the second woman. “Go help Jennifer with Natalie, Alexis.” The woman named Alexis walked over to where Natalie was and she helped Jennifer pick Natalie up off of the floor.

Jennifer and Alexis led Natalie over to the table where Shelly was. Miss Aalia joined Miss Annette beside the table, between Shelly and the open doorway. The two of them watched Natalie with evil smiles on their faces.

Natalie’s eyes were open wide in fear as she looked into the brown eyes of her captor, Miss Annette. She saw Miss Annette set the clothes pins and the bottle of water she had brought on the table. She did not want to even think about what they might be for.

“You made a puddle on my floor, didn’t you?” Miss Annette asked. Natalie hesitated for a moment, before she nodded. “I’m sorry. I just couldn’t hold it. Please forgive me, ma’am.”

The evil smile on Miss Annette’s face grew wider upon hearing Natalie ask for forgiveness. “Your punishment will be worse than Shelly’s. Not only did you try to steal from me, but you also peed all over my floor. Adults don’t wet themselves like that or break into people’s homes, do they?”

Natalie’s face became red from embarrassment and she shook her head. “No they don’t, ma’am.”

Miss Annette reached behind her neck and grabbed a thin, golden chain that she was wearing. Natalie had not noticed it before and part of it was hidden by the top of Miss Annette’s dress. She found herself wondering what kind of hidden object was hanging from the necklace.

Miss Annette unclasped the chain and pulled it off of her neck. She lifted it up into the air so that the entire thing came into view. Hanging from the golden necklace, Natalie saw a key.

“Jennifer, you will use this key to remove the cuffs from Natalie’s wrists,” Miss Annette instructed. “Natalie, you will not struggle when the cuffs are removed. Do you understand me?”

Natalie did not respond for a few seconds and Miss Annette raised an eyebrow. Eventually, Natalie nodded, not wanting to anger Miss Annette. “I understand.”

Jennifer took the key from Miss Annette and removed the hand cuffs from around Natalie’s wrists. She handed the cuffs to Miss Annette, who then said, “Remove the cuffs from her ankles as well.”

Jennifer did as instructed and Natalie spread her feet apart, happy to be free. She put both of her hands down by her crotch and clasped her fingers together.

Miss Annette walked around the table so that she was standing in front of Natalie. She felt Natalie’s left side, to inspect the damage. Seeing the wetness was difficult, due to the dark clothing Natalie had on, but she could certainly feel it. Her fingers gently glided over the wet material that had soaked up Natalie’s pee.

“You sure made a mess, didn’t you?” Miss Annette asked.

Natalie nodded. “Yes ma’am. I’m sorry.”

Miss Annette put her right hand over Natalie’s mouth. She squeezed Natalie’s lips and looked into her eyes. “Do not apologize, Natalie. What is done is done. Do not waste your energy begging for forgiveness. You won’t receive it.”

Miss Annette enjoyed seeing the fear in Natalie’s eyes when she refused to forgive Natalie. She relished in the pleasure of seeing Natalie’s terror before she removed her hand from Natalie’s mouth. Natalie looked down at the floor, obviously embarrassed for wetting herself and Miss Annette enjoyed her humiliation as well.

“Lift your arms, Natalie,” Miss Annette instructed. Natalie obeyed and reached up towards the ceiling. Miss Annette reached down to the bottom of Natalie’s black hoodie and slowly lifted it up. Jennifer helped Miss Annette to lift the material up over Natalie’s head.

“Pull your arms out of the sleeves, Natalie.” She did what Miss Annette said to do. Once the hoodie was off, Jennifer folded it up and set it on the floor.

“Now it is time for the shirt to come off,” Miss Annette said. “Jennifer, remove the shirt.” Jennifer obeyed Miss Annette and she lifted up Natalie’s gray t-shirt. Natalie pulled her arms down through the sleeves, so that she was topless, except for the white bra that covered her small, a-cup breasts.

“Jennifer, remove her bra,” Miss Annette instructed. Jennifer did as she was told. She unclasped the bra from the back. With Natalie’s cooperation, she pulled it off and set it down on Natalie’s folded up t-shirt, which Jennifer had placed on top of the hoodie.

Miss Annette put both of her hands on Natalie’s small breasts and gently rubbed the nipples with her fingers. Miss Annette giggled excitedly as Natalie’s sensitive nipples began to harden. “Aw, those tits are adorable! Does that feel good, Natalie?”

Natalie nodded and Miss Annette stopped rubbing. She pulled her hands away and then slapped each breast, causing Natalie to gasp. “You’re here to be punished, Natalie, not rewarded.”

Miss Annette walked back to the other side of the table and she picked up the bottle of water she had brought in. “This bottle here is a whole liter. Natalie, you are going to drink half of this and Shelly will drink the other half. In about an hour to an hour and a half, your bladder will be very full, once again.”

Natalie’s eyes opened wide and she shook her head. “No, please don’t fill my bladder up again.”

“Are you trying to make us desperate to pee?” Shelly demanded. “Do you plan to sadistically torture us with full bladders?!”

Miss Annette picked up the four clothes pins she had set on the table beside Shelly and she nodded. “Yes. I enjoy seeing young, sexy girls like you desperate to relieve yourselves when your bladders are full. I have found that bladder torture is the best form of punishment.”

Miss Annette pointed down at Natalie’s crotch and Natalie looked down to see what she was pointing at. “Jennifer, remove Natalie’s jeans.” Jennifer walked around Natalie so that she was in front of her and unbuttoned the waist-band. She pulled down the zipper and grabbed the material on Natalie’s hips.

Jennifer smiled wide and blushed when she felt the warm wetness of Natalie’s clothing. She pulled the jeans down to Natalie’s ankles. She untied Natalie’s boots and Natalie lifted up her feet, allowing Jennifer to remove them. After that, Jennifer removed Natalie’s socks and her peed-in jeans. Jennifer put them off to the side and stood up, checking out Natalie’s nearly naked body as she rose. Natalie was standing in front of everyone, wearing only her very wet, pink panties, feeling embarrassed.

Miss Aalia left Miss Annette’s side and walked around the table. She gently pushed Jennifer out of the way, so she could stand in front of Natalie. Natalie couldn’t help herself as her gaze slowly shifted towards Miss Aalia’s lovely breasts.

“You seem so innocent on the outside, but you really are a naughty girl at heart, aren’t you?” Miss Aalia asked, snapping Natalie out of the trance she seemed to be in. She looked into Miss Aalia’s green eyes, not sure what to say.

Miss Aalia turned and held her hand out to Miss Annette. “May I have the water, Miss Annette?” Miss Annette reached over the table and passed the bottle to Miss Aalia.

Miss Aalia grabbed the bottle of water and unscrewed the cap. She pressed the side of the bottle, which was fogged over and covered with water droplets, against the skin that covered Natalie’s sternum. Natalie gasped from the icy cold sensation she felt on her skin.

“Open your mouth,” Miss Aalia instructed. Natalie obeyed and she felt the opening of the water bottle touch her lips as Miss Aalia lifted it up. Natalie tilted her head back and the cold liquid slowly fell onto her tongue for a couple of seconds, before Natalie was given a chance to swallow.

Natalie realized that she was thirsty when she swallowed her first gulp. The liquid felt refreshing as it flowed down Natalie’s gullet, but knowing the final destination of the water she was drinking made her feel very uneasy.

Miss Aalia gave Natalie another drink of water and waited for her to swallow. “That’s a good girl, Natalie,” Miss Aalia said with a smile. “Miss Annette has decided that I will punish you, instead of her. Perhaps I will reward you for being so obedient after I’m done.”

Natalie liked the sound of that. She wondered how she would be rewarded, as she was given another drink of water. She found herself hoping that Miss Aalia and Miss Annette would let her go for obeying Miss Aalia.

“You are such a good, obedient girl, that I am considering keeping you as one of my slaves,” Miss Aalia said.

Natalie’s face became pale and her eyes opened wide as she swallowed her most recent gulp of water. “One of your s-slaves?”

Miss Aalia nodded. “Yes, I would love to have you as a slave. I have extra cages at home. I’m sure Alexis and Jennifer would love to have you with us.”

I don’t want to be a slave! Natalie thought. She lifted up her arms, instinctively, to push Miss Aalia away, but Alexis and Jennifer grabbed her arms and held them down at her sides. Her heart sank as she felt her hope of freedom slipping away.

*008*2013-07-31 02:22

{{: 

Well, you certainly have my interest now, if you didn't before.

Poor Natalie and Shelley; i think their troubles are just beginning.

}}

I am glad that you are enjoying this frosty. :) The comment means a lot coming from you, considering your skills as a writer. I feel like I'm your apprentice.

*009*2013-07-31 22:27

Chapter 4: Punishment

My bladder is so full! Shelly cried in her mind. She was afraid to say it out loud because she did not want Miss Annette to hear how desperate she was. However, she was shaking her legs and sweating so much, from the strain of holding, that she was sure Miss Annette already knew.

Fifteen minutes had passed since Natalie had gulped down half of the bottle of water Miss Annette had forced them to drink from. Natalie had been taken out of the room by Miss Aalia and her minions, after drinking her half of the liter. Shelly had received her half once they were gone, but the worst part of her situation was that she had gulped down a lot of soda while she was in Jake’s pickup truck. She usually did not need to pee as much as Natalie, so before the break-in, she thought she could handle it. She was certainly regretting her mistake.

Miss Annette was holding the four clothespins in her hands and she was rotating them with her fingers. “Well, since it’s just you and me, Shelly, I think it is time for some fun.”

Shelly groaned from the fullness of her bladder and she bent both of her knees towards each other, wishing she could put them together. “Miss Annette, please untie my ankles.”

Miss Annette smiled down at her. “Why would I do that, you bad-mouthed girl?”

“I…” Shelly was not able to say much more than that because of her fear of letting Miss Annette know how desperate she was. Unfortunately, her desperation could be seen on her face, which was contorted from discomfort.

“I assume you want me to let you use your legs to keep your pee held in,” Miss Annette said quietly. “It’s more fun to watch you this way. Your desperation becomes so much more intense when the only thing you have to hold with, is your tired sphincter.” Miss Annette chuckled as if she had said something funny. She began to walk around the table, circling Shelly, who began struggling against a sudden wave of desperation.

Shelly gasped and held her breath from the intense bladder spasm and she tried to pull her knees together again, but her attempt was futile. She needed to pee so badly that she was afraid she would lose it very soon. The water she drank was already making its way to her bladder, so she knew it wouldn’t be too much longer before she lost control.

Swallowing her pride, Shelly looked at Miss Annette’s face as she stopped, just to Shelly’s left side. She put her right hand over Shelly’s bulging bladder, to feel how full it was. “Please untie my ankles, Miss Annette. I’m very desperate to pee and I need my legs to help hold it.”

Miss Annette poked Shelly’s bladder with the index finger on her right hand and Shelly grimaced from the extra pressure on her bladder. She clenched her pelvic floor muscles, barely preventing her pee from gushing out on the table top.

“Look at that wonderful bulge!” Miss Annette exclaimed. She began to massage the bulging bladder and suddenly poked it again.

“Please, stop poking me,” Shelly begged. “I’m sorry that I swore at you and broke into your house, but I am going to lose it if you keep poking me.”

Miss Annette massaged the bulge and chuckled softly. “I will poke as much as I want, but you better not lose it. If you release more than a little squirt, you will receive another punishment after this.”

Miss Annette paused the bladder torture and held up one of the clothespins in her right hand. “This will be your punishment for swearing at me. Open your mouth and stick out your tongue.”

Shelly felt another spasm in her bladder and she gasped again. She shut her eyes tight and started panting. “Please, untie my ankles…”

“Open wide,” Miss Annette said. Reluctantly, Shelly opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. Miss Annette moved closer to Shelly’s face and clamped the clothespin down on the end of the tongue. Miss Annette set the other clothespins on the table and returned to playing with Shelly’s bladder.

“Now, if you don’t mind, I have a bladder to poke!” Miss Annette giggled as she continued her little game.

“Ah, plea!” Shelly cried. “Doe do thith!”

Miss Annette laughed and put her hand up to her ear. “What’s that? You’re speaking gibberish! I can’t understand you!” Miss Annette lowered her hand and poked Shelly’s bladder again.

Shelly felt another strong bladder spasm and she cried out. “Plea, th- tah!” She was trying to beg Miss Annette to stop poking her full bladder, but because of the clothespin, nothing she was saying made any sense.

Miss Annette eventually became bored with poking Shelly’s bladder and she walked around to the end of the table, so that she stood between Shelly’s open legs. She could see that Shelly was extremely aroused and she enjoyed the sight of her very wet pussy.

Shelly turned her head to the right and pulled her tongue into her mouth so that she could bite down on the wooden clothespin. She had another bladder spasm and bit down into the wood between her teeth as her face turned red.

Miss Annette giggled when she saw a small spurt of pee shoot out of Shelly’s urethra, hitting the front of her black dress. “Well, you really must be desperate!” A few drops of pee ran down Shelly’s womanhood, where it mixed with her lady juice, which was dripping down to the table top underneath her. Shelly looked at Miss Annette and started whimpering as she pleaded with her eyes, for the release she craved.

“You better keep that pee held in,” Miss Annette said. “I have three more clothespins. You do not want to know where they will go, if you pee without permission.”

Shelly slid her hips side to side on the table as she squirmed around. She struggled against the ropes that held her wrists and ankles, trying with all of her might to prevent her bladder from spilling on to the table.

Miss Annette watched as another small jet of pee squirted out of Shelly’s urethra, hitting the front of her dress, just like the first one. “When Miss Aalia returns, you will be allowed to use your hands and legs to hold. I promise.”

“Ah, plea!” Shelly cried. The news that she would be allowed to use her hands and legs to help hold was absolutely wonderful. She almost let more pee escape in her excitement.

“Well, I’ve got Natalie on the bed,” a voice said. It was Miss Aalia’s voice. Miss Annette turned and watched as Miss Alia entered the room, with Jennifer and Alexis on either side of her.

“Let’s untie this poor girl before she hurts her wrists and ankles,” Miss Annette said softly. “I want to torture her bladder, not her joints.”

Jennifer and Alexis both stood where they were and Jennifer started doing a little bit of a pee dance. “You heard Miss Annette, both of you start untying Shelly!” Miss Aalia commanded.

Jennifer closed her hands into fists and put them at her sides as she composed her self. Together, Alexis and Jennifer untied Shelly from the posts, but she kept crossing and uncrossing her legs while they worked.

Once Shelly’s ankles were free, she double crossed her legs. When her wrists were free, her hands shot down to her crotch and she pressed down on her pee hole with her fingers.

Jennifer and Alexis helped Shelly get off of the table. When she put her feet on the ground and stood up, she felt a massive bladder spasm and bent forward. She pressed her fingers over her urethral opening, afraid that her pee would escape, but she managed to hold it in.

Trying to stand up straight, Shelly moved her hands away from her crotch and Jennifer and Alexis quickly grabbed her arms.

“Take her to the bedroom where Natalie is,” Miss Aalia instructed. The two women who were holding on to Shelly nodded.

The three of them left the room, leaving Miss Aalia and Miss Annette alone. Shelly saw carpeted stairs leading up from the concrete floor they were standing on, towards a large window that was covered by thick, satin curtains, at the top of the narrow stairway.

As they were going up the stairs, Jennifer stopped suddenly and jammed one of her hands down between her legs. Shelly could see that Jennifer needed to pee as well and began to wonder if Miss Aalia would allow Jennifer to go.

“Will you be able to keep going?” Alexis asked.

Jennifer nodded. “Yes, I think I’m okay now. Let’s keep going.” The three of them continued on their way to the top of the stairs. Once they reached the top, Shelly looked to her left and saw the study and the kitchen, where she had been less than an hour before. The black duffel bags were still sitting in the kitchen by the door.

The very sight of the back door caused despair to rise up in Shelly’s throat as she imagined what it would be like to escape. She felt another bladder spasm and bent forward. Groaning, Shelly used one of her hands to press her fingers over her pee hole. She began to rub it, trying to help ease the pressure, but her hand was pulled away as Jennifer and Alexis forced her to keep moving.

They went to the right, down a long, dark hallway. At the other end of the hall was a spooky looking living room. In this room there were two, black, leather chairs, and a black, leather sofa placed in a circle around a small, black table, which had a red cloth over the top of it. Sitting on the cloth was a metal bowl, which covered a black symbol that Shelly could not identify.

“Wha?” Neither Alexis nor Jennifer attempted to explain the strange sight Shelly had set her eyes on. They didn’t even pay any attention to the strange looking table, as they took her through the living room towards the stairway that went up to the top floor. As they were about to climb the stairs, Shelly noticed the front door of the house, directly behind the black sofa. This door was much closer than the back door.

Shelly, all you need to do is break free and run! Then you can get some help! Shelly fought against Jennifer and Alexis. She pushed Jennifer against the wall, freeing her right arm. Alexis was too strong to escape from, so her other remained trapped in Alexis’ firm grip.

“Plea, leh me go!” Shelly cried as she reached her right hand towards the front door.

Jennifer quickly grabbed Shelly’s right arm and the two women forced Shelly up the stairs. She wanted to kick her legs and scream, but she had to press her legs together as another bladder contraction nearly made her pee all over the bottom of the stairway.

“Come, Shelly,” Alexis ordered. “The bedroom is very close. Natalie is there, so you won’t be lonely.”

Shelly ignored Alexis and began screaming. “Leh me go! Plea! Leh me go! You thick bitheth! You ah aw nuth!”

Jennifer and Alexis barely managed to get Shelly to the top of the stairway when Jennifer let go of Shelly and put both of her hands between her legs. She was only wearing a pair of white panties, which were becoming quite damp from leaking pee and her extreme arousal at the sight of Shelly’s desperate situation.

“Jennifer, we are almost there,” Alexis said. “I need to pee too, but you need to hold it.”

Shelly saw Jennifer grimace from desperation as she nodded. “I’ll make it.”

Jennifer waited until she felt like she could continue on, before grabbing Shelly’s arm again. Shelly was pulled through another dark hallway. There were three different doors in this hall, two on the left, and one on the right. Shelly was taken to the first door on the left.

“Here we are!” Alexis opened the door and when Shelly entered the room, she saw Natalie lying on a bed, with white blankets and pillows on it. Natalie was lying on top of the blankets, with a large sheet of plastic underneath her.

The room itself was really fancy and had an extremely friendly appearance, in complete contrast to the rest of the spooky, old house. The curtains over the windows were made of white linen. There was a large mirror on the wall to the right of the bed, up above a white dresser. The carpet, walls, and ceiling were also white. The light bulb on the ceiling was covered by a light-gray, plastic cover, with flowers painted on it.

The frame of the bed Natalie was lying on was made of oak and the bed posts had fancy designs carved into them. The bed posts were topped off with large spheres, to add to their pleasant appearance.

Natalie’s wrists were handcuffed to the bed posts at the head of the bed, with her arms spread apart, but her legs were completely free. She appeared to be comfortable, though she was rocking side to side slightly. Shelly saw that Natalie was still wearing her wet panties, but that was all she was wearing.

Jennifer removed the clothespin from Shelly’s tongue, causing her to gasp in pain as it was pulled away. “We will leave you two here,” Alexis said with a smile. “Have fun.”

Jennifer and Alexis left the room and closed the door behind them. The door was locked from the outside, with a soft click. Shelly stood by the door, with her legs crossed over each other and her hands over her womanhood.

“Oh god Nat, I really need to pee!” Shelly cried. She saw Natalie looking her up and down with her eyes. A faint smile appeared on Natalie’s face when she saw Shelly’s desperation.

“Come here Shelly,” Natalie instructed. “I’ll help you hold it.” Shelly slowly hobbled over to the bed and lay down beside Natalie, to Natalie’s right. Shelly lay down on her side and placed her right arm over Natalie’s torso as she settled in close.

“We will get out of here, eventually,” Shelly whispered, gasping suddenly when she was hit by another wave of desperation. “I will not let you become a slave.”

The two of them both became silent as they tried to cuddle, enjoying each other’s company. Shelly wrapped her legs around Natalie’s right leg, which Natalie lifted up for her, and pressed her wet womanhood against Natalie’s skin. With their bodies pressed against each other, they finally felt somewhat safe, for the first time, since becoming Miss Annette’s prisoners.

*013*2013-08-01 13:30

Hehe, I knew this story would definitely be a good one! It's nice to see so many people liking what I have written so far.

*016*2013-08-02 00:01

Chapter 5: Party Animals

Natalie and Shelly looked into each other’s eyes while they were cuddling. Natalie smiled at Shelly. Shelly’s face was contorted from desperation when she did it, but eventually, Shelly’s wave of desperation passed and she smiled back.

“Shelly, please don’t feel guilty for the situation we are in,” Natalie said quietly. “I don’t want you to feel bad. I know you convinced me to come with you and Jake, but you did not know that a crazy old woman and her loyal lackeys would hold us captive.”

Shelly pressed her pee hole against Natalie’s thigh even harder and she groaned. “I know Nat, but… Damn it! I need to pee so badly! I’m about to pee all over this bed, but Miss Annette hasn’t given me permission to pee yet!”

“You can hold it Shelly,” Natalie whispered. “Just keep pressing into me.” Shelly nodded, causing her red hair to rub against the side of Natalie’s right breast.

“I wonder if Jake is going to the police,” Shelly said. “I know Miss Annette has footage of us breaking in on DVD, but her crime carries a far bigger penalty than burglary, doesn’t it? I mean, we weren’t even armed. She’s guilty of kidnapping and abuse.”

Shelly reached a hand between her crotch and Natalie’s leg and began to rub herself, hoping to ease the pressure. “What do you think will happen if I pee without permission?” Shelly asked.

Natalie sighed and she pressed both of her legs together, being careful not to move the leg that was pressed against Shelly. Her bladder was already half full and it would not be too much longer before she would be desperate again. “Well, you will probably be spanked with a paddle. That is what my punishment for peeing on the basement floor was.”

Shelly opened her eyes wide in horror. “You were spanked with a-” She was interrupted by a bladder spasm and she gasped. She squeezed Natalie’s torso with her arm and squeezed Natalie’s leg with her thighs. Afraid that she was going to lose it, she also pressed her fingers over her pee hole, extra hard.

When the spasm passed, Shelly tried to ask her question again. “You were spanked with a paddle?”

Natalie nodded. “Miss Aalia spanked my bare butt five times with a wooden paddle and it still hurts, but not too bad.”

“How bad is it?” Shelly asked.

“It stings a little, where I was hit, but at first my butt burned like it was on fire,” Natalie replied. “She had me bite down onto a cloth with each hit. I’m so glad it’s over.”

Shelly started panting. “It’s not over. I’m going to pee everywhere and then I will be spanked with the paddle too!”

Natalie shook her head and smiled. “You’ve always been better at holding than me. I don’t think you will pee without permission. You might leak a little bit, but you won’t completely wet yourself.”

Shelly suddenly squeezed Natalie’s leg with her thighs again as she waited for another bladder contraction to pass. “I hope you are right about this, Nat. I’m so desperate!”

The two of them became silent, except for the panting and grunting sounds Shelly was making. Hoping to ease Shelly’s mind, Natalie decided to change the subject. “Shelly, do you remember how we met?”

Shelly nodded. “Yeah, I remember. It was your first day at High School and you were from out of state. You got lost in the halls and you found me by my locker when I was making out with Bobby, my first boyfriend.”

“You helped me find my class and invited me to eat lunch with you and your friends,” Natalie said, smiling. “Your friends made me feel nervous because a lot of them had piercings on their faces. I thought they were going to eat me alive!”

Shelly laughed quietly, but her laughter was cut short and replaced by a groan. Natalie was really enjoying Shelly’s desperation. She could feel Shelly’s sex juices moistening the skin on the side of her leg and she enjoyed that as well.

“You were a goodie-two-shoes and were very shy when I met you,” Shelly said. “Most of my friends thought you were amusing. They liked that you were afraid of them.”

Natalie listened to Shelly’s choppy breathing, which revealed how desperate Shelly was and how full her bladder must have been, for just a moment, before speaking again. She found herself hoping that Shelly would lose control and pee on her leg, which had never happened before.

“Shelly, if it had not been for you, I would never have learned how to have fun,” Natalie said. “From the moment I first saw you, I just knew you were a bad girl and I liked that. I don’t think I have ever told you, but I’ve always been very attracted to you.”

Shelly squeezed Natalie’s leg with her thighs again as another contraction seized her full bladder. “Oh god, I’m bursting…” Shelly started shaking her thighs and Natalie felt them rubbing gently against her skin.

After a short moment of silence, Shelly smiled at Natalie again. “I’ve always sort of known. I can always tell what you are feeling from seeing your eyes and your face. I know your behavior certainly changed, around me, when that rumor about me started going around school during our junior year.”

Natalie laughed. “I remember the rumor. It was that rumor that you went into someone’s bathroom at a party and you gave some girl a golden shower. She was from another school, wasn’t she? I heard people talk about how you made out with her afterwards.”

“You should have seen the shock on people’s faces when I confirmed that the rumor was true,” Shelly said. “That girl was a little drunk and so was I. We both really needed to pee, almost as bad as I need to go right now. We snuck into the bathroom and took our clothes off, except for my panties. The girl wanted me to keep wearing them.

“We went in the bathtub and I peed on her through my panties. She was a kinky little thing, but was usually a sweet, innocent girl, who never broke any rules, just like you were. After that, she peed in the tub and a puddle formed around her while we made out with and she got her pee all over my leg.”

“When I heard about it, I found myself hoping that you were into girls, like me,” Natalie said. “When I found out the rumor was true, I wanted so badly to experience something like that with you. When you and Jake snuck into my room and we got into my bed, it was a wonderful experience, but I wanted you to pee on me and you never did.”

Shelly pressed her lips against Natalie’s cheek and she kissed it, before moving them up to her ear. “Some day, when we’re not held captive by a bunch of psychos, I’ll pee on you and we’ll have hot sex, without Jake there.”

Natalie giggled. “That would be great! What did your parents think when they found out about your fun night with that girl at the party?”

Shelly had another bladder contraction and couldn’t reply right away. Natalie heard the sound of water falling on the plastic and felt a little bit of warm liquid touch her leg. She knew that it was Shelly’s pee. Natalie desperately wanted to start fingering herself, but she couldn’t because her wrists were cuffed to the bed posts.

Shelly’s pee flowed for only a couple of seconds before she regained control. “Surprisingly, my parents were only mad that I was drunk at a party. I think I told you that my parents are the coolest parents there ever were.”

Natalie furrowed her brow. “They didn’t care that you had sex with a girl in the bathtub?”

Shelly shook her head and her hair rubbed the side of Natalie’s breast again. “No, not really. They thought it was a bit strange that I peed on her, but my dad was happy he didn’t need to worry about me getting preggers.”

Shelly paused for a moment and chuckled. “It sure was embarrassing, having to explain the phone call they got from the school secretary about the story that had spread around. I was grounded for a long time for being drunk at a party, but once the grounding was over, I started dating Jake. He thought it was really hot that I had done that with another girl.”

“When you found out that I was attracted to you, you had just started dating Jake,” Natalie said, with a wide grin on her face. “We planned the threesome and it was a bit awkward to talk about, at first. It was a lot of fun, even if Jake was there, but I was so sure that my mom would wake up.”

Shelly laughed loudly and another squirt of pee escaped her pee hole. The stream hit her fingers and sprayed off to the sides. Luckily, she quickly regained control before too much got out. “You should have seen the look on your face when you accidentally moaned, really loud. I was going down on you and you went, ‘Oh!’ You put your hand over your mouth and your face turned so white that you looked like a ghost! It was hilarious!”

Natalie recalled the memory and the terror she felt during her fun night with Shelly and Jake. She laughed as she remembered panicking and begging Jake and Shelly to hide under the bed, before it was too late. “I guess my mom was a heavy sleeper, because she did not wake up,” Natalie said.

Shelly laughed out loud again, when suddenly there was a loud knock on the door. Both of them jumped and Shelly started peeing again. She accidentally moved her hand and her stream hit Natalie’s leg and sprayed off to the sides, hitting the plastic and the skin surrounding it. Fortunately, Shelly managed to regain control, after peeing for nearly three seconds.

The door to the bedroom was unlocked from the outside and Miss Annette walked in with Miss Aalia. Miss Annette smiled at them. “Hello there girls. Are you having fun in here?”

Natalie shook her head and Shelly’s face turned red. When Miss Annette noticed that Shelly was blushing, she put both of her hands on her hips and frowned. “Did you pee, Shelly?”

Shelly pressed her womanhood into Natalie’s leg, extra hard, as Miss Annette walked to the side of the bed. “Let me see the damage, Shelly. Let me see it now.”

Shelly pulled herself away from Natalie and allowed Miss Annette to see the small puddle she had smeared around with her leg.

“Naughty girl,” Miss Annette said, shaking her head.

“It was just a little bit!” Shelly cried. “Please don’t spank me with the paddle!”

Miss Aalia walked over and grabbed Shelly by the arms. She pulled Shelly off of the bed and Miss Annette grabbed Shelly’s legs so she could not kick.

“Get your paddle, Miss Aalia!” Miss Annette instructed, once Shelly was standing on the floor beside the bed.

Jennifer and Alexis quickly rushed through the doorway of the bedroom as Miss Aalia went to the closet to retrieve her paddle. Shelly crossed her legs and pressed both of her hands over her pee hole as another wave of desperation gripped her bladder with an iron fist.

“Move your hands, Shelly, and lean over the end of the bed,” Miss Annette instructed.

Shelly slowly moved her hands and a small jet of pee escaped her urethra. It shot out and hit her right leg, just above the knee, where it splashed and sent small droplets flying in every direction.

“Please, don’t spank me!” Shelly begged.

Jennifer and Alexis grabbed Shelly and forced her to the end of the bed. Miss Aalia closed the closet door as she turned towards them, holding the paddle in her left hand.

Shelly bent over the end of the bed and grimaced from another bladder spasm. She put her right hand over her pee hole, afraid that pee would escape, but luckily she managed to hold it in.

Miss Aalia quickly moved behind Shelly. She took a practice swing through the air with her paddle. The very sound caused Shelly to hold her breath and grit her teeth.

Miss Aalia took a second practice swing and Shelly pressed her fingers on her pee hole as another contraction hit her bladder.

“Oh god, I’m going to pee everywhere!” Shelly cried as her sphincter released more pee. She managed to keep it held back with her fingers and closed the sphincter before more could escape.

Shelly gasped when she heard Miss Aalia’s third practice swing. After that, there was a long moment of silence before Miss Aalia spoke. “Are you ready, Shelly?”

Shelly grimaced from the pain in her bladder and she bent forward as another wave of desperation hit. She rubbed her urethral opening as more pee escaped her bladder. A small stream of pee flowed between her fingers and fell to the floor before she managed to regain control.

“Okay, I’m ready.” Shelly closed her eyes tight, clenched her pelvic floor muscles, and gritted her teeth as she waited for the impact. She waited for what seemed like forever before she heard the WHIP of the paddle swinging through the air, followed by a loud WHACK!

*019*2013-08-02 03:06

{{: 

A fine read, I give it an eight, out of ten.

Didn't think I would be too captured by it at first, but I ended up really getting into it. You have done very well with it.

Can't wait to see where it goes from here.

}}

I'm glad you like it. Thanks for the good rating!

{{: 

OMHG....

These girls are hotties, !

I love it !

}}

Yes they are... If there was a rule that says that being aroused by your own work when writing erotica was not allowed, I would have broken that rule, many, MANY times.

*022*2013-08-02 03:24

{{: 

I understand that completely. And you've given me ideas, I'm tempted to return to writing again. Perhaps tonight is a good night to write...

}}

I'd like to see any ideas you have, written down. I would recommend writing tonight, if you've got the time to do it.

*024*2013-08-03 23:41

Chapter 6: The One Who Got Away

Miss Aalia hung her paddle on its hook, inside of the closet, from a hole in its handle. She had spanked Shelly five times, just like she did with Natalie. She closed the closet door and walked back over to Shelly, who was still bent over the bed.

“Look at that nice, red butt!” Miss Aalia exclaimed, quickly slapping Shelly’s left buttock with her hand, causing Shelly to gasp.

“Please, let me pee,” Shelly begged.

“You shouldn’t be desperate, Shelly,” Miss Annette said sternly. “You released a lot of pee on the carpet and the bed cover. You’re lucky your pee was clear. Otherwise, it would have stained the carpet!”

“May I please get back on the bed, beside Nat?” Shelly asked.

Miss Aalia nodded. “Yes, you may.”

Shelly quickly took her place beside Natalie, once again, and grabbed onto her.

“Alright, Jennifer, Alexis, let’s go,” Miss Aalia instructed. She left the room and her two slaves followed her close behind.

“Miss Aalia, may I please pee?” Jennifer begged as she stepped out into the hall. She stopped in her tracks, just outside of the doorway, as she fought back a wave of desperation.

Miss Aalia turned and looked at her from where she stood at the top of the stairway. She noticed Jennifer holding her hands over her crotch. “Are you desperate, Jennifer?”

Jennifer nodded and bit her lower lip. “May I please pee? I am very desperate!”

Miss Aalia smiled at her. “Let me think about it.” Jennifer gasped in despair when she did not receive a positive answer.

“Come girls!” Miss Aalia instructed. She descended the stairs and her slaves followed her to the living room. Miss Aalia took a seat on the sofa, on the center cushion, with her slaves taking their seats on either side.

“Well, that was quite a spanking!” Miss Annette exclaimed as she made her way down the stairs.

Miss Aalia glanced up at Miss Annette and an evil gleam appeared in her eyes. “Yes, it certainly was! I think the two of us have turned Shelly into a slave we can be proud of.”

Miss Annette took a seat on one of the chairs, directly across from Miss Aalia. “She used to be a very naughty, bad-mouthed girl. Now she is polite and very submissive.”

Jennifer had both of her hands pressed against her crotch and her legs double crossed. “May I please go pee, Miss Aalia?” she asked again.

Miss Aalia put her hand on Jennifer’s left shoulder and looked into her eyes. “I suppose so. You’ve been a very good girl lately.”

“Does that mean yes?” Jennifer asked.

Miss Aalia nodded. “You may go pee.”

A wide grin appeared on Jennifer’s face and she jumped up off the couch. She hurried to the stairway, with her hands practically welded to her crotch.

As Jennifer disappeared at the top of the stairs, Miss Aalia chuckled. “Jennifer sure needs to pee a lot! She’s got a tiny bladder, which makes her life difficult sometimes.”

Miss Annette nodded and tapped her hands on the black table in front of her. “So, what did you think of my black altar?”

Alexis crossed her legs and grinned. “It was a nice touch, Miss Annette. Both Natalie and Shelly took one look at it and it scared them.”

Miss Annette laughed. “Perhaps I should get out the jars of blood? Those always frighten my victims.”

Alexis put one of her hands over her crotch and started rubbing. Both Miss Aalia and Miss Annette were watching her as she did it, expecting her to ask for permission to pee.

“When I first met you, I thought you were into some scary stuff,” Alexis said.

Miss Annette leaned forward and picked the bowl up from the table. “I bought all of this stuff from a Halloween party shop. As for the blood in the jars, I got that by mixing up the juices of various fruits, to get the right color. There’s also a secret substance inside to give it the consistency of blood.”

“What do you have planned to do to them next?” Miss Aalia asked.

Miss Annette pursed her lips and furrowed her brow. “Well… I was thinking, when both of the girls have full bladders again, we could scare them with a pretend, Satanic ritual. We could see how that turns out. Maybe we could have them pee on each other and make passionate love. I don’t know yet. I think the latter would be a nice change from the harshness they have experienced so far.”

Miss Aalia leaned back and put both of her black sandal-shod feet on the table. She crossed her arms and frowned. “What should we do about the boy the girls came here with?”

Miss Annette shrugged her shoulders. “That kid still owes us. We made a deal with him and he hasn’t been keeping up his end of the bargain.”

“We could always hunt him down and we could get him with a syringe,” Miss Aalia suggested. “We could put him in my trunk. I could take him to my house and put him in a cage…”

Miss Annette chuckled as an amused grin appeared on her face. “You’re always so quick to suggest kidnapping, aren’t you?”

Miss Aalia smiled, just as they heard a toilet flush upstairs. “You should know by now, Miss Annette, that I really love kidnapping my victims. It was a fantasy of mine, long before I met you.”

Jennifer quickly hurried back down the stairs, still smiling. She took her place beside Miss Aalia and folded her hands politely.

Miss Annette started stroking her chin with her right hand. “It was certainly enjoyable to train you. You made a wonderful slave for the two years of your training. Anyway, I think we should give Jacob more time to give us what we want. I doubt he will keep us waiting too much longer. He knows not to mess with us.”

Miss Aalia rolled her eyes. “Well, Miss Annette, if that’s what you want to do…”

Just then, they heard a knock on the front door. Miss Annette got up to answer it. “I wonder who that might be!”

When she opened the door, Jacob was standing outside. He smiled and rubbed the short, light brown hair on the back of his head with his right hand, nervously.

“Hello there, Jacob,” Miss Annette said.

Jacob nodded and his smile disappeared. “Please, call me Jake.”

Miss Annette motioned for him to enter and he shoved both of his hands into the pouch on the front of his black hoodie. “Thanks.”

Jake entered the house and he became very nervous when Miss Aalia and her slaves started staring at him.

Miss Annette closed the door and walked around Jake so that she was in front of him. A smirk appeared on her face when she saw how nervous he was. “Why are you so nervous, Jake?”

“Well, I’ve uh, never, uh…”

Miss Aalia laughed at him. “You mean, you’ve never handed your friends over to a couple of crazy women who were planning to make them slaves by convincing them you were going to rob a house before?”

Jake nodded. “Yeah, that. I’ve never done that before.”

Jake became quiet for a little bit and then frowned. “Okay, you’ve got the girls, but I’ve got one more thing for you, Miss Annette.”

“Excellent!” Miss Annette held out her right hand. Jake hesitated for a moment, before he pulled a white envelope out of the pouch on the front of his hoodie. Miss Annette took the envelope from him.

“So, maybe I should go now, huh?” Jake asked.

He tried to back up towards the door, but Miss Annette grabbed his right arm. “Oh, I don’t think you’re going anywhere, buddy!”

Alexis, Jennifer, and Miss Aalia all got up and they grabbed him as well.

“I gave you what you wanted!" Jake cried. "What the hell are you doing?”

Jake was surprised by the strength of the women as they quickly overpowered him. They took him down and pinned his body to the floor. Miss Annette grabbed a pair of handcuffs that were hanging from the wall and placed them over Jake’s wrists, cuffing them behind his back.

Miss Annette and Miss Aalia picked Jake up off of the floor and Miss Annette looked into Jake's eyes. "Guess what, Jake? Now we have you as well."

Miss Annette cackled loudly as Jake was pulled out of the living room, towards the basement.

