Someone who cares

Author: Valandrea

*000*2014-02-15 14:40

Hello everyone! I'm not really active on the site, but I'm trying to write a story in english and I thought I could share it with all of you here. I hope you will like it as much as I enjoyed writting it!

English is not my first language, so I hope you will understand everything...

I would be glad to have feedback, even if you want to say you don't like the story. I'm open to any critics, and I really want to progress!

Enjoy the reading!

The story focuses on a relationship between a teacher and his student. I don't want to say too much before you read, but you should just know that this will be a tutor fiction (no sex).

###

Chapter one

Alexander was slumped on a chair in front of the door of the director’s office, his blue eyes closed. His brown curled hair skimming his eyelids with indolence. He had to play his role until the end. Be indifferent, stay cool. However, in his head, he felt boiling with rage. Rage against himself. Against his bloody behaviour. He was the same bad boy he had been ever since he could remember. Except that this time… This time, he had gone too far.

Why did he have to explode like that? Why did he have to satisfy that asshole?

His maths teacher had had that sadistic smile when he got up, after getting punched. Yes, Alexander punched his teacher during class. What a silly thing to do when you know that Mr Bryant was waiting for a reason to kick him out of the school. The teen just gave him the right reason to do so. Because nobody would want to hear what his maths teacher said to him before he lost control. Nobody would want to know that Mr Bryant deserved to be hurt.

Or maybe there was someone.

As he saw Mr Blanchot coming up from the stairs with a furious gaze, Alexander raised up on his chair, feeling suddenly anxious. Until his French teacher appeared in the corridor, he had been able to fake the nonchalance. But, now he just couldn’t anymore.

He just couldn’t deceive him. He didn’t care about anybody else. But Mr Blanchot was the only one who decided to believe in him. Alexander didn’t know why though, he was such a disappointment everyday.

As his teacher approached him, Alexander felt his heart beat faster. But, surprisingly, Mr Blanchot didn’t even look at him. He went through the door and slapped it with violence behind him.

As though he didn’t hear a noise during the fifteen minutes he had been sitting there, he could clearly hear now his French teacher yell from the director’s office.

###

As he entered the office, Léopold Blanchot noticed the presence of the kid’s tutor, his colleague Mr Bryant and the school’s principal. His nostrils shuddered with anger. He faced his superior, two fists knocked on his desk. From his height, he dominated the man with no difficulty.

“As I heard from a colleague, you want to expel Alexander?” he said, as a rhetorical question.

“Calm down Léopold. Please take a seat and let’s discuss this reasonably.” Demanded the principal.

“You want me to calm down, Paul? Do you know how many humiliations this kid had to endure with that horrible man?” said Léopold, pointing Mr Bryant.

Mr Bryant suddenly rose up from his chair with irritation.

“Did you at least see what that little freak did to my face? Look at my nose!” he shouted, pointing his bleeding nose.

“Oh stop it, Bryant! I’m sure you deserved more than that little punch he gave you!”

“Principal! How can you let a teacher say such things?” said Bryant, revolted.

“Stop it! Both of you calm down!” said the director with authority.

“Paul, please. Can we at least discuss this? You can’t let this poor boy return to this dreadful orphanage!” said Léopold.

“I’m afraid I can’t do more for that kid, Léopold…”he responded.

“He deserves to be expelled, Blanchot. Just look at what he did to a teacher!” said Bryant.

“I think we already know what you want, Bryant, so please stay out of it.” Léopold threatened.

“Léopold, please calm down. Now, Mr Bryant, please be reassured. You already know that his tutor can’t be responsible of Alexander anymore; he was on probation and broke the rules. And without any tutor, the kid can’t stay in this school. So please calm down and go back to your students.” Said Paul with calm.

As soon as Mr Bryant got out of the office, Léopold sat on a chair with weariness.

“We have to do something, Paul. I know this kid is not dangerous. He just needs someone to educate him. Look at his grades! That’s the reason why you accepted to let him stay in your school! He’s a genius and you know that.”

“I know he is a very smart boy, Léopold. But he has gone too far. Hit a teacher, Léopold. Do you know how bad this is?”

“I know, Paul. I surely know that he will never be accepted by another school because of that little punch I’m sure Bryant deserved!”

“But, look Léopold, even if I wanted to let him stay here, he couldn’t. He can’t have a tutor anymore, it won’t be accepted. And I can’t let a kid stay in the dorms without a tutor, it’s not legal!”

“But I refuse to give up on him. He is a good kid, Paul. I’m sure he just needs someone to be there for him. He is a child, for god’s sake! How can we abandon a child that easily? A kid with such a bright future…” Léopold turned to the tutor who didn’t open his mouth during the whole meeting.

“I would like to help you, but it’s not my decision here. Alexander broke the rules. Too many rules. The only thing he has left is the orphanage. I’m sorry, but that’s the way it is…” he said, sorry.

“No! That can’t be his only option! I refuse to tell that brilliant kid that he has to be sent back to the orphanage. He needs someone, Paul.” Léopold begged.

His colleague and friend looked at him with sympathy, yet disbelief. But suddenly, the tutor’s eyes twinkled.

“If you really want to help him, there might be a solution…” said the tutor.

“Tell us, please!” Léopold shouted with hope.

###

When Alexander saw his horrible maths teacher coming out from the principal’s office, he felt his fists clenching again. His eyes burning, he confronted him with pride. He confronted his teacher’s despiteful gaze with coldness.

“You should enjoy your last minutes here, Alexander. You will return to your original place soon. And it will be a relief for everyone.” Bryant said with a smile.

The presence of his French teacher three foots from him convinced Alexander that it was not a good idea to respond. He held back his rage, closing his eyes. Mr Bryant left him with his frustration.

###

“Well, the only way to let Alexander stay in school is the adoption.” The tutor said prudently.

“The adoption?” said Léopold, not sure how to understand this.

“Yes. This is the only solution I can think of. Nobody wants to adopt a thirteen years old with violence issues… But you could.”

“What are you saying?” Léopold said, in shock.

“I’m saying that if you really want to help him, you could adopt him. But, I understand why you wouldn’t… He’s really not easy to deal with. Seriously, who would like to take care of a disturbed kid like Alexander?” the tutor asked.

Léopold looked at the tutor with disappointment, then turned away to face his colleague.

“Paul, I need to know if you would let him stay if I knew someone who could take care of the kid. Please.”

“Léopold… Are you sure you want to go this far?” asked the director, understanding who was that “someone”.

“Just answer the question, please.”

“I don’t really decide you know… He would still have to go to disciplinary committee. I can support him, but I’m not the only one to take the decision. If you really decide to do this, Léo, you have to prepare a really good speech… It won’t be easy.” The principal advised.

“I know. But I just can’t turn the back from my beliefs. He is a good kid, I’m positive about it. I just can’t give up on him.”

“He has to be okay with it too, you know.” Said the tutor.

“I know. We’ll see what he feels about it. But I need to know that you will support him during the committee too. I’m begging you. You know Alexander deserves to be at school.”

“Yes, I will. But, you should be prepared, Mr Blanchot… He is not so easy to deal with, you know…” the tutor said.

“Maybe he is not, but he still needs to be taken care of. Whatever he does, he’s still a kid.” Léopold said, serious.

###

After another hour, Alexander was still waiting in the corridor, anxious. Was it that complicated to expel him from school? Why was it so long?

As he was gnawing his nails with apprehension, the door opened on his French teacher.

“Come in, please.” Said Mr Blanchot with a serious gaze.

As he stood up, the teen felt a pinch in his bladder. He had waited so long on this chair. He had to pee badly. But he couldn’t go right now, unfortunately…

Entering the room, he noticed the principal’s annoyed gaze and his tutor’s tired one.

“Seat down, Alexander.” said the principal.

Seating down, he faced the three men, looking serious and apprehensive. Why they were apprehensive, he didn’t know.

“You overtook the limits today, Alexander. What you did to Mr Bryant is inexcusable.” The principal said. “I don’t know if you realise the chance you have to be in this school. And if you realise how much we are trying to let you stay here, despite your faults.”

“You are not kicking me out?” Alexander asked, surprised.

“I’m not saying that you won’t. But there might be an alternative to your return to the orphanage.”

“What? I won’t have to go back there?” the teen asked with hope.

“Leopold, you want to explain it to him?” proposed the principal, turning towards his colleague.

His French teacher seemed a bit nervous. He had never seen him nervous before. He was such a strict man usually, so proud and confident.

“After what you did today, no tutor can take care of you anymore. You would have to go back to the orphanage. But, we might have a solution… I proposed myself to take care of you from now on.” Mr Blanchot said.

“What..?” Alexander said, incredulous.

“I would be adopting you. You would be in my charge. That way, you have a big chance to stay in school.”

“You would adopt me…” the teen repeated, lost.

“Yes, I would adopt you. You would be living with me, in my house, under my rules.”

“You really want to adopt me?” he asked, in shock.

“Yes, I do. But, the question is: do you prefer to stay with me or go back to the orphanage? Because I can tell you that this kind of behaviour will never be accepted with me, Alexander.” He said, with authority.

“Of course, I want to stay here! But I don’t deserve it…”

“What you deserve is a spank on your bum, kid. And I don’t think you would find someone who will treat you as a kid back there.”

“I’m not a kid anymore.” Grunted Alexander, bushing as Mr Blanchot mentioned a spank.

“Oh yes, you are, my boy. And you need to be treated that way. Believe me; it won’t be easy to be living with your French teacher.” He responded, a little smile on his face.

“Now, Alexander, we will let you talk with Mr Blanchot. By five, we need to know your answer about the adoption. You have to think about it seriously, it’s a really important decision in your life. But, just so you know, you won’t stay unpunished for what you did today. If you decide to stay here, you will have to pay for what you did to Mr Bryant.” the principal said.

Alexander lowered his head, feeling stupid.

“Come with me now.” Said his French teacher.

As they left the office, Alexander felt his heart beat fast. He could not believe of what was happening to him. The man he admired the most was willing to adopt him… He suddenly remembered his full bladder and was happy to be behind the adult. He couldn’t resist putting a hand on his crotch, trying not to leak in his briefs. He really had to pee now… But he couldn’t dare asking for the loo. He was a big boy, he could hold it.

At least he convinced himself that he could…

*005*2014-02-19 11:14

Hi everyone ! Thank you so much vor your reviews, it made me really happy. I'm glad you're enjoying it so far !

I will post another chapter next week ! I hope you will like it as well !

*009*2014-02-25 01:07

Here is chapter 2 ! I hope you will like it as well. Thanks a lot for your reviews, it made me really happy.

Chapter 2

Léopold and Alexander entered in an office, full of books, papers and stuff everywhere. When he saw French titles on most of the books, Alexander knew he was in Mr Blanchot’s office. It was the perfect image of an organized chaos. So many books everywhere, on the floor, on the desk, on the walls. Some paintings and black and white pictures were hanging on the walls as well. It was full of humanity, full of light. And somewhat, it was contrasting with his teacher’s strict mood.

With a white long hand, Blanchot invited his student to sit on a chair, in front of his desk, while he seated on his own chair. Separated by the wooden desk, Alexander felt reassured. He could easily hold back his pee without being seen. Or at least he thought.

His elbows on the table, his hands reunited together against his delicate chin, the French teacher took a very long and serious gaze at the teenager. Obviously, the kid was not feeling at ease. His legs nervously crossed, his elusive glance, his trembling hands were showing his intimidation.

It was surprising, even after what happened. Léopold had always seen the kid being insolent and proud at anytime. Maybe Alexander was being reluctant to the adoption idea?

The teacher felt a pinch of hurt inside. He didn’t know why. After all, it happened so fast! He never wanted to be a parent before. Then, why was the idea of adopting Alexander so natural? And how come he felt so sad about the possible kid’s refusal?

Looking at Alexander’s apparent dread, Léopold decided to let his emotions aside.

“I think you already realized that what you did today was completely irresponsible. Whatever you decide to do with your life, you will still have to go and apologize, kid. Is that understood?” he asked, strict.

“Yes, sir. But… He really said mean things to me. He deserved to be punched, believe me!” Alexander said angrily, with a tear in the eye.

Before the teen discreetly vanished it with his hand, his teacher had noticed his tear.

“I can imagine what this horrible man said to you Alexander. And believe me; I won’t let him forget it. But you are the kid. He is the adult, and the teacher. Even if he deserves a punch in the nose, you are not in the position to do it.” The teacher said, understanding.

“Nobody does anything… How can I defend myself if I can’t do anything and nobody cares?” the teen asked, his burning face looking the floor.

“You really think nobody cares?” Léopold asked, with a little laugh. “What do you think I’m doing then? I’m getting in trouble with the principal for you, kid. I compromise my career because I believe you deserve to be heard. Do you even realize how hard I try for you?” he continued, his voice raising.

“Why do you do it if it’s that hard?” the teen replied, insolent.

“Here we are, you put your little brat mask again. But, you’re not lucky with me, it doesn’t work. You cry for help, kid, and I see it. So stop this little game with me or I will get really mad. And believe me, you don’t want to.” Léopold threatened, “If you want to know, I care for you because I think you deserve it. You are a child, and you should know the comfort of living as one. Now you have the choice, boy.” He continued, softly.

“What choice?” asked Alexander, lost.

“You can go back to the orphanage, uneducated but as the proud little brat you play. Or you can come home with me as the kid you should be, but you will have to let your little mask away. That is your choice, Alexander.” The teacher said, preoccupied by Alexander’s nervous hands.

“I don’t know. Can I… Can I get out, sir?” the teen asked, desperate to pee.

He was in such a bad situation right now. Facing the man he admired the most, he couldn’t admit the horrible state he was in. He couldn’t tell him that he was so close to having an accident in his pants. His bladder was so heavy that any movement made him feel on the urge to explode. His legs crossed under the table, he couldn’t hold back his hands from his crotch. He had to grip his penis, harder and harder, otherwise he would let some drops of pee fall in the back of his briefs. He didn’t know how much time he could wait… He couldn’t even concentrate on what his teacher was saying. He was obsessed by his desperation.

“Are you kidding me, Alexander?” asked his teacher, incredulously, “Do you realize how bad this situation is? You want to get out and play with your friends like nothing happened, is that it?” he screamed, furious, “It’s too late, kid! Now, you are going to take your responsibility! You are going to listen to me, and take your decision. It’s a life decision you’re taking, realize it!” he continued, harder.

Alexander felt his heart beat faster. His teacher didn’t know how much the teen was intimidated by him. The kid knew exactly how bad the situation was. Perhaps as bad as his desperation was…

“I’m sorry, sir. That’s not what I meant.” He said, shaking.

“Then focus, kid. Bryant is waiting for you to be out of here, and if you want to change that, you will have to put some effort too. You won’t get out of this office until we talked about all this, is that clear?” Léopold said, serious.

“Yes, sir…” he replied, slumping on his chair, trying to hide his nervous legs.

“And sit up straight, for god’s sake!” his teacher screamed.

As Alexander stood up straight on the chair, he gave up his penis, now in his teacher’s sight. But the second he did, he felt a drop leave his penis and flow at the end of his grey briefs. He crossed his legs even closer, hoping his teacher didn’t notice anything.

“Now, do you understand that if you come with me, you will legally be my child?” his teacher asked, serious.

“You would be my… dad?” Alexander asked, blushing with hope.

“Exactly. What you really have to understand is that I will have every right on you, Alexander. And that mean that these kind of stupid acts will be forbidden and severely punished with me. If you decide the adoption, it will be hard to adjust. Of course, I’m severe, you already know me. But I also want to give you a chance to be happy.” His teacher said, strict.

“Oh, no…” the teen moaned, blushing. He suddenly felt a small spurt of pee running on his penis and wetting his briefs. He just couldn’t hold it. He was so desperate to pee now. He had to go! Fortunately, his pants didn’t show anything. He could feel his briefs wet, but his pants were dry.

“Are you okay, Alexander? I know, it’s hard to decide. You don’t know how it is to live with me, and I am very strict. But, you have to understand that I want the best for you. I’m not here to make you suffer. I only want to let you be a kid.”

“No, I know. It’s not…” he moaned again. He was now doing a pee dance on his chair. He just couldn’t stay still. He felt he was going to let go any second now.

“You don’t have to justify, Alexander. It’s completely normal to be afraid. Now, I think it would be good for you to know what will happen in both cases. Maybe, it will help you relax. You shouldn’t be so nervous, kid. I promise, I just want the best for you.” He said, worrying about the teen’s behaviour. The kid looked so frightened.

“Sir…” said Alexander, a tear rolling on his burning cheek. He felt another spurt leave his bladder. A long one this time. He felt his pee rolling along his panty, wetting his bum. In a moan, he put his hand back on his crotch. He was going to have an accident in his pants… His pants didn’t show in the front, but he already knew that on the bottom there was a very noticeable patch of pee.

Feeling another spurt of hot pee rolling in his briefs and dripping on the chair, Alexander beat his lower lip, trying desperately to hold his pee back. He felt all wet in his pants. He didn’t know how he would be able to hold any longer now. Another moan left his mouth. He was holding his crotch even harder, not even willing to hide himself from his teacher. It was too late for that. Now he just wanted to escape the inevitable accident in front of him… He took a shameful look at his teacher, scared of his reaction. Another tear rolled, as another small spurt of pee left his penis.

“What’s wrong, Alexander?” asked Léopold, disconcerted by the sudden fragility of the boy.

“Oh no… Pee…” the teen moaned softly, feeling another small spurt wetting his pants.

“Do you need to pee, my boy?” asked gently his teacher, hearing Alexander’s complain.

Finally raising his burning head, the kid looked at his teacher with pain.

“Yes… I need to pee so bad…” he admitted, ashamed.

“Oh boy, why didn’t you tell me?” he asked, confuse.

“Ah… I’m gonna pee myself, sir!” Alexander complained, legs shaking badly.

Léopold rose up from his chair and went to his student in quick steps.

“Let’s get you to the bathroom before you have an accident in your pants.” He said with authority.

He didn’t want to move. He knew his teacher would see his soaked pants… His teacher would see that the school’s bad boy just couldn’t hold his pee. How would Mr Blanchot still want to adopt him after that? He was so mad at himself. He wanted to hide, disappear from this office. He couldn’t face the disgust in his teacher’s look.

“Come on, kid. You don’t want to pee in your pants, do you?” his teacher asked, softly.

The teen couldn’t hide anymore… He had to show his humiliating accident to his favourite teacher. He tried to think of an issue, but there was none. He had to face his shame.

As Alexander got up, he felt another long spurt leaving his full bladder, dripping in his pants. Moaning, he felt another tear roll. He was so ashamed. He was having an accident in front of his French teacher… He couldn’t hold a small sob leaving his throat.

Léopold couldn’t believe what he was seeing. The boy had already peed his pants. He was in such a shock that he couldn’t hold his surprise.

“Your pants are completely wet! Did you already pee your pants, kid?” he asked, confused.

“I’m sorry… I couldn’t hold it…” the teen answered, in a long sob.

“Come on, then.” Léopold said, in a hurry.

He took firmly the shaking boy by the arm and almost ran through the corridor, willing to prevent a bigger accident. Alexander was holding his penis with pain. He was losing some drops of pee every foot he was walking.

Finally arrived to the toilets, Alexander was happy that everybody was in class. His teacher opened a door, still holding his arm. Pushing him softly into the toilet stall, he left him alone and closed the door.

“I’m waiting for you outside.” His teacher said, strictly.

Alexander was not even able to let go his hands from his crotch. He felt that if he let his hands go, he wouldn’t be able to hold it. Another spurt came out, dripping along his legs, wetting his socks. In a moan, he swore. He was such a kid. How come he couldn’t hold it at his age?

The pressure was so hard… His bladder was hurting badly now. He had to stop dancing like a child and open his trousers. He had to regain control on his body. He was not going to pee his pants! He was not a child!

As he let go his crotch, he felt another long spurt go and wet all the front of his clear blue jeans. He tried to open the first button with great difficulty, but when he finally managed to do it, it was too late. The teenager felt a succession of long spurts of pee wetting his whole pants, with noise. A puddle of pee was growing at his feet. Even when he tried to grasp his penis again, the flow didn’t stop. He had lost total control of his bladder. His pants were darkened by pee, and he couldn’t hide from anyone that he just had an accident. Mostly, he couldn’t hide it from himself.

Alexander suddenly felt so mad at himself. He couldn’t believe he had an accident just at that time. Just when his dream was becoming true. Now nobody, and mostly not Mr Blanchot, would be willing to be his dad. His tears were burning his already red cheeks. He was so angry that he didn’t even realize that he was punching the wall with violence.

“Fuck… Fuck… FUCK!” he yelled, blinded by the anger.

He didn’t even hear his teacher coming back to the bathroom. Nor even did he heard him open the door of the cabin. Nor even did he saw his teacher looking at him with worry, sincere worry.

When he saw the boy, soaked, in his own puddle of pee, Léopold felt very sad for him at first. Then he realized what the boy was doing to himself… Punching the wall in front of him, the boy was grazing his fists with pure anger. When he heard the boy scream from the corridor, he knew that he didn’t make it. But never would he have thought that Alexander would react with such violence against himself.

Léopold entered the cabin, and firmly catch the boy’s arms.

“Stop it, Alexander.” He said softly.

“Let go of me!” the teen screamed, trying to evade his teacher’s grip.

“I won’t.” the man replied.

“Stop it! Don’t look at me!” the boy cried.

“I am looking at you, kid. And I won’t stop. Now, calm down.” Léopold said gently.

“Please. Let me go.” Begged Alexander, sobbing.

The French teacher released the boy’s hands, just to lure him to his own chest. The man’s arms were embracing the boy with tenderness.

“Please, let me go.” Repeated the boy, punching his teacher’s chest.

“I won’t let you go.” Replied Léopold.

Soon the punches were replaced by long and uncontrollable sobs. Alexander couldn’t stop crying. These arms were all he needed. Since always. He relaxed so much that he didn’t even realize his own arms grasping his teacher’s sweater. He needed someone to save him for so long now.

“It’s over now, kid. I won’t let you go.” Léopold said, softly.

He felt he couldn’t let the kid go. For the boy. But also for him. Léopold already knew at that moment that he couldn’t let Alexander go, whatever decision he would take.

“I’m sorry…” cried Alexander.

“It’s okay, my boy. You just had an accident; it happens. Now it’s over.”

“I didn’t want to pee my pants. I tried, I swear…” the teen said, in a sob.

“I know, kid. Next time, just ask me for the loo before you go in your panties. It’s always better to pee in the toilet instead of your pants, isn’t it?” Leopold said, gently.

“I’m sorry. I thought I could hold it.” Alexander murmured, grasping even harder his teacher’s back.

“Stop apologising, Alexander. It’s over now. I’m sure we will find dry pants at the infirmary, then we’ll continue our conversation before you take your final decision.” Reassured the man.

Ruffling the boy’s curled hair, the teacher could feel Alexander calming down. The sobs were more and more distant. But the boy’s head was more and more sunk into his chest.

“I don’t need to discuss more… Please be my dad.” The teen said nervously.

Léopold’s ruffle suddenly stopped. He just couldn’t believe Alexander’s words. He was going to be a dad. His dad.

“Don’t think that we are done talking just because you took your decision, my boy.” The teacher said. But the authority wasn’t even here. He was too happy at that moment to play the teacher.

Now, he was already a dad.

