Date Panic! 2 - Page 5

Author: OmoCommando

*110*2014-06-06 00:53

*apologies to the 'insane' voters, but I had pictures drawn before votes began to spike for that option*

"There's not much to say," you start out. "I'm a pretty simple person, but I've done okay in life. While I enjoy small, low-key activities, there's a number of more... adrenaline-fueling things that I enjoy as well..."

You start listing off your favorite activities and a couple accomplishments that you take pride in. Emma listens to you with a semi-captivated interest. From what you can gauge, she seems to admire your moderate sense of self-confidence and assurance, yet doesn't seem overly impressed by it.

"Well you definitely sound like someone who knows where they want to go in life." she says. "I'm studying sports medicine mostly. Might become a physician or something someday." she shrugs her shoulders.

###

At last, you arrive at the gateway of the magnificent castle. It's dark grey bricks glistened in the moonlight, yet an ominous sense of foreboding overtook your heart, like there was some hidden danger lurking within. You couldn't shake the feeling fear that gnawed at from you. But perhaps it was nothing. You merely came here with Emma to do some fun exploring in a place that had been totally abandoned. At worst, you'd probably just find a nest of rats.

You and Emma walk in slowly and carefully, and are greeted by a small courtyard. Dead or dying plants seemed to be everywhere, both within and out of the scattered brick planters. Yet things were oddly organized.

"This must have been a place of some beauty at one point." Emma remarked.

You nod in agreement. It's strange, the location you had in mind was a demon castle, but there was nothing really demonic about this place. In fact, it would be fair to wager that once the sun came up, this would look like any regular castle. And then, it hits you. Emma was the one who had used the card, and you had told her "an abandoned gothic castle." Oh well, this was probably a better setting for a date anyway. You wanted to have a good time with a pretty girl, not fight for your life.

You look around the courtyard and see three doors. One leads to a large building in the center, the second door is connected to the tallest tower, and the third door looks like it leads to a sub-level.

Which way should you go?

>Door 1 (large building)

>Door 2 (tallest tower)

>Door 3 (sub-level)

>Let Emma decide

Current Trust Level: Neutral

