Young Ruto's Fishy Situation

Author: facade

*000*2014-11-16 00:32

This was on my plate for a little while, and it ended up being much longer than I originally intended it to be. Over 12 pages in Google docs. I really wanted to get this out, but I tried not to rush it like I have with some stories in the past. There's bits where it seems to just be filler, but I did the best I could with the plot I went with. It's kinda difficult trying to work with actual events from Zelda and incorporating original content to work along side it. So, sorry if it seems weird in some parts.

I used a lot of Ruto's dialogue from the game's script

, but also added a lot of original dialogue. Some of what Ruto said in game was either altered or left out completely and some minor events were changed a bit for plot convenience.

I still would like critiques and feed back on this, as I have spent a good deal of time on it. Picture below was drawn by OmoCommado

.

“This is Lake Hylia, where the Zoras said we should start looking for Princess Ruto.” Navi $$ reminded Link

.

The little fairy fluttered over the water in front of Link, her blue aura shimmering in the day light. Link followed her as he swam through the water, and searched around for anything that might lead to the whereabouts of the lost Zora princess. As they searched, they both drank from the lake’s pure waters so they would stay hydrated in the heat.

“Maybe we should look underwater…?” Link suggested.

“Yeah… don’t you have that new… thingy that lets you dive to deeper depths now?” Navi referred to the Silver Scale

$$ that Link received from a Zora after winning a diving game

$$ in their domain

.

“Oh yeah, I almost forgot about that.”

Link dipped his head down below the water’s surface for a few moments, looking around, before coming back up.

“I don’t know, I don’t see anything but sand and rocks…”

“You didn’t look very hard.” Navi said sternly, as she flew past him and searched around herself. She then pointed at something underwater. “Wait, what’s that? Below the water.”

Link looked underwater for whatever mysterious thing Navi found. After a moment of searching, he saw something shining at the bottom of the lake.

“It’s just a bottle, probably thrown out by one of the fishermen.” Link replied to Navi, after resurfacing.

“Well, go get it, maybe it’ll help us!”

“If you say so…”

Link dove back into the water, and swam downward to retrieve the strange bottle. He wasn’t sure what it could possibly do to help him in his quest, but they had to take any leads they could get at this point. Not even any of the Zora’s were able to find a trace of Princess Ruto. Once Link had the bottle, he swam back up and rejoined with his fairy.

“There’s a letter inside, let’s see what it says.” Link swam back to land and sat on the edge of the lake before opening the bottle to pull out the letter. Navi floated next to it and read it outloud:

"Help me. I'm waiting for you inside Lord Jabu-Jabu's belly.

### Ruto

PS: Don't tell my father!"

“That’s from the Zora Princess!” Navi exclaimed.

“But who the heck is “Lord Jabu-Jabu? And why is she in his belly?” Link wondered, putting the letter back in the bottle, then put the container in his inventory.

“I don’t know, let’s just bring it back to King Zora

, maybe he can help us now that we know where she’s at.”

“She told us not to tell him, though.” Link pointed out.

“How else are we supposed to find her if we don’t show the King the letter, hmm?” Navi folded her arms and floated in front of Link.

“Besides, she may have the spiritual stone that we need!” She added.

“I suppose you’re right.” Link admitted.

Using the cave connected underwater, they traveled swiftly back to Zora’s Domain

, where they were once before and resurfaced inside the cave like dwelling. Stone paths led to the various rooms and areas of the domain and the Zora, who were amphibian like creatures, inhabited the place.

“Wow, this place is huge!” Link exclaimed.

“And chilly…” Navi said, shivering and rubbing her arms. Her blue aura shimmered a much brighter shade of blue due to the temperature.

The duo searched around the frosty, watery area in search of King Zora.

“There sure are a lot of zoras around here.” Link pointed out.

“Yeah and that lake water that I drank is catching up with me, now.” Navi floated out in front of Link, looking around for place to do her fairy business.

“So just go in the water.” Link suggested, a little too loudly.

‘No!” Navi blushed a little as a passing Zora looked her way. “Jeez, could you keep your voice down, please? She whispered sternly.

“Sorry…” Link did as he was told as the two passed around a corner.

“Don’t worry, I’ll just wait. There’s too many people around anyway.” Navi now spoke in a more calm and normal voice.

They were now in front of a large staircase made of stone with two lit torches on either side, and a wooden sign that read:

‘Just Ahead, King Zora's Chamber. Show the proper respect!’

“Guess this is it.” Link stated as he looked to his fairy companion. She seemed calm and relaxed for the moment.

“Let’s go!” Navi excitedly said.

They traveled up the stone steps, leading to King Zora’s throne room and stopped in front of the large, bulbous Zora. The king was adorned in a red ceremonial cloak and looked more like a toad unlike the rest of his people, whom looked more like anthropomorphic fish. He sat upon the ledge guarding the rear exit behind him where the water flowed under his posterior end and throughout the rest of the domain.

King Zora remained quiet until Link presented him the letter

. He then took it out of the bottle and read it over.

“We found it at the bottom of Lake Hylia, just outside, your highness.”

“Ho, this letter! It's from Princess Ruto!! Hmmm...Let's see…” The king looked more relieved knowing he had found a lead to his daughter’s location, but then appeared shocked when he read the final part.

“She's inside Lord Jabu-Jabu? That's not possible! Our guardian god, Lord Jabu-Jabu, would never eat my dear Princess Ruto!” He lowered his arms and rested them on his lap, sighing heavily.

“But since that stranger, Ganondorf

, came here, Lord Jabu-Jabu has been a little green around the gills…”

“I could go and try to find her for you!” Link exclaimed happily, knowing this would progress him in his quest.

The king looked down at the letter once again then back to the boy, before placing the letter in his cloak pocket.

“The evidence seems clear. Of course, you'll go find Ruto. You can pass through here to the altar of Lord Jabu-Jabu. I'll keep this letter. You keep the bottle it was in. Take it respectfully! Please find my dear Princess Ruto immediately... Zora!”

The king began scooting to his right along the edge of the ledge that he sat upon, making croaking sounds all the while as he moved out of the way. This process took a little while, being that the king was… well… quite obese, to say the least. Link and Navi waited patiently though, and finally, there was enough space for them to get by.

“Thank you…” Link said, taking the bottle from the King and then starting to head towards the cave behind him.

‘Wait, before you go.” He stopped Link in his tracks.

“Take this fish

, offer it to Lord Jabu-Jabu, he will then allow entry through his mouth.” The King instructed as he shoved a small blue colored fish into Link’s newly acquired bottle.

“Oh okay… thank you again!”

Link and his fairy friend swiftly exited the room from a corridor behind the king, into a new area known as Zora’s Fountain

. They immediately spotted a large whale-like creature, at least five times the size of the King. He was adorned in jewel encrusted garb and had large blue eyes. They were now outside, again met by the afternoon sun’s rays, though surrounded by a tall mountainous wall and ankle deep in water.

“This must be him!” Navi exclaimed to Link. They both made their way towards him and stood upon the stone platform where Lord Jabu-Jabu was “docked” as if he were a boat.

Link starred in awe at him as the creature made bellowing noises from his throat at the two strange visitors.

“Well, what are you waiting for? Give him the fish!” Navi demanded.

“Oh, right.” Link pulled out his bottle from his inventory and shook the fish out of the glass bottle. The fish waddled and flapped around on the stone floor below them and in front of Lord Jabu-Jabu. They both waited for him to accept the offering, as King Zora said he would.

A few moments later, the great creature began to open his large mouth, his deep vocals echoed throughout the entire area. Navi and Link put their hands up as he started to inhale. The fish was no match for his massive lung power and it flew straight down his throat, like a leaf in the wind. Then the power became much greater as Link and his fairy were both being sucked in as well. They had no time to react as they both lost their balance and soared through the air into his gaping mouth, screaming all the while.

Inside Jabu-Jabu’s belly

, it was dark and musty. They were no longer on dry, solid land and Link’s steps made squishy sounds as he came to and stood to his feet. Navi floated back up and fluttered in front of him.

“Are you alright?” She asked in a concerned voice. Her bright blue aura lit up the dark area.

“Yeah.” He said, straightening his tunic out.

“Alright, let’s move forward.” She said, turning around as they both walked towards the back of his mouth until they were in front of a pool of murky water. Behind it was Jabu-Jabu’s uvula and a sealed off area.

“Oh no…” Navi stopped and hovered in the air. “I forgot to go, before we got sucked in here.” She said, disappointed.

“Oh.” Link said, not sure how to help his fairy. “I guess it would be weird to pee in Jabu-Jabu’s mouth, heh.”

“I’ll wait.” She said as she sighed softly and began floating forward.

Suddenly, an octorok shot out from the pool and started shooting rocks from it’s hose-like mouth. One barely missed Navi and she screamed out in terror, flying quickly behind Link before he shot another one towards them. Her hero immediately pulled his shield out just in time and the rock ricocheted off the wooden surface, smacking the octorok in the head. Its dead, lifeless body sank into the water and exploded into a cloud of smoke that dissipated in the water.

Link looked back to his fairy who was red in her face.

“Are you alright?” Link moved closer to her.

“Fine now, but... “ She looked down at her bare, pale colored legs that were now dripping with her urine. The blushing fairy flew to the pool of water and washed herself off.

“Sorry about that, I killed him as quickly as I could.” Link said, comfortingly.

“I know, it’s not your fault. It’s just a little embarrassing.” She replied as she finished cleaning her self.

“I probably wouldn’t have been able to wait much longer anyway… fairies aren’t built for that kind of thing.”

“Don’t worry, I went in the water before we got to Zora’s Domain. So.. I technically peed in my shorts.” Link smirked at his fairy.

“Sounds like something you’d do.” Navi said, smiling, seeming much better now. “Let’s just move on.”

They crossed the pool and stopped in front of his throat that was sealed off by some kind of webbing.

“Well, now what? Isn’t there some way to open it?” Navi asked Link.

“Of course, there’s always a way.” Link happily stated and took out his slingshot. He aimed for the uvula right above him and fired a deku seed at it. The webbing in front of the fish’s throat went away, allowing them to easily pass through to the next area.

After passing through the esophagus, they ended up in a much larger part of Jabu-Jabu. Somewhere inside the stomach, perhaps. Passageways and electric jellyfish were strewn throughout the area. They proceeded, while avoiding the Biri’s shock attacks. Link attempted to take them out with his sword, but it only knocked them back.

“Just ignore them, they can’t be defeated with just your sword!” Navi shouted.

They then retreated through a nearby passageway into another part of the fish’s body. As they looked around, they noticed a small zora child standing near one of the holes on the ground.

“Is that her? Princess Ruto?” Navi whispered quietly to Link.

The zora turned around, and spotted the two intruders. A surprised look washed over her face as they approached each other.

“You! Who are you?!” She sternly asked, now looking more frustrated.

“My name’s Navi, and this is Link. You’re...?”

“I am Ruto, Princess of the Zoras.” She folded her finned arms.

“Your father is worried about you, we’re here to take you back to him.” Navi stated as Link gawked at the zora princess.

“My father is worried about me? I don’t care!” Ruto turned around, trying to ignore them. Navi and Link both looked at each other, confused.

“But we found your letter in a bottle…” Link reminded her.

“Letter in a bottle? I have no idea what you're talking about! I’d never ask anyone to do such a thing!” The princess said, as she turned back around to face them.

“Anyway, I can't go home right now, because antifairy of omorashi.org still has to finish writing this awful zelda fiction. And you... Get out of here! Understand?!” She shouted before turning back around and walking away.

“But!” Navi started to respond, but Ruto tripped and fell into one of the strange holes that sucked her down to the area below them. She screamed out and they rushed over to save her, but it was too late.

“Follow her!” Navi demanded Link. He didn't question, but instead bravely jumped through the same hole that Ruto fell through. Thankfully, the drop wasn't too long and he landed on soft muscular tissue which cushioned his as well as Ruto’s descent. They were back with the Biris in the area before they met the “distressed” princess, this time on a lower ledge. The young zora stood, once again with her back turned and looked around; she appeared as if she was contemplating where to go or what to do next.

As she turned around, she noticed Link and the fairy were behind her.

“Are you still hanging around here? I told you to go away!” Ruto said with a sharp tone of voice. Link and Navi had adapted to the fact that she acted like a spoiled brat, but nevertheless, they needed her help and it was obviously that she was in danger.

“It’s not safe for you to be here… um your highness.” Link sheepishly advised.

“I'm okay. I've been going inside Lord Jabu-Jabu's belly since I was little... but...” The angsty zora retorted, trailing off as she continued to examine her surroundings for a moment. She then sighed with hesitation.

“Lord Jabu-Jabu is very strange today... There are electrified jellyfish and strange holes around... On top of that, my precious stone was…” Ruto looked back to the duo with an expression that implied she was about to give too much information.

“That's none of your business! Anyway... You! Go home now! Understand?!” She re-demanded, suddenly changing her tone to match.

Navi flew closer to Link’s left ear. “Does she mean the spiritual stone?” The fairy whispered, careful not to arouse Ruto’s suspicion that they needed that stone. Link would do anything to get that it, so he had to push away his first impressions of this princess aside.

“We just want to help you.” Navi said with concern.

“Yeah, you could probably use it, with all these monsters around.” Link added, nodding in agreement. Though he was more concerned about completing his quest and helping a different princess; The Hylian variety. The zora gazed upon them, seeing that they weren't giving up.

“You're that worried about me? Then I will give you the honor of carrying me! However...I won't leave until I find the thing I'm looking for. You'd better believe me!” Ruto offered herself as she plopped down and hugged her legs towards her body.

“Alright, fine.” Link responded willingly as he walked over to the squatting child. He stood behind her and wrapped his hands around the zora’s waist, picking her up with ease. Ruto squealed as he did and soon she was sitting on Link’s head, her squishy bottom nestling right in the center. He then repositioned his hands so he was gripping her lower stomach tightly, which she immediately objected against.

“Hey don’t squeeze so hard! I have to... “ The distressed zora blushed a little, unbeknownst to Link. Though, Navi witnessed her soft white face turn a light shade of red for a few moments.

‘What?” The boy released his grip on her belly and instead grabbed her thighs, wondering what the big deal was.

“Nothing. I’m fine, just go!” Ruto sneered.

What a feisty and finicky princess she was. Though she was only about 11 or 12. She obviously thought quite highly of herself, believing that she deserved to be carried around like this. Link liked Zelda a lot more, she was a much more kind and caring princess, but he did as he was told and toted her around Jabu-Jabu in search of the spiritual stone.

As they lurked around the large fish’s belly, they found strange enemies and complex puzzles which sometimes required the help of their smaller fishy friend to overcome. It had been a little while since Link first picked her up and all the while, she had become increasingly more finicky than before. Navi had been sneaking glances at her, trying to figure out why this child was so antsy. There was something that she wasn’t telling them and it was time to find out for sure.

“I’m going to search around in here, I’ll be back.” Link said as he set Ruto down as he went to a separate area that closed behind him.

“Hey don’t leave me here! How could you? Be a man and take responsibility!” She protested, but it was too late. He was out of earshot, leaving Navi and her alone for a little while.

Ruto paced back and forth with a flustered look about her face. For a moment, it looked as if she was going to do something with her hands, but she quickly folded them back.

“You’re awfully wiggly, even by fish standards.” Navi said sternly, catching Ruto’s attention as she turned to face her. Ruto looked up to Navi with her big purple eyes widened, the fairy’s arms folded just as her own were though much more relaxed.

“So what?” The zora responded. Her lower body shook slightly.

“So, is there something you wish to tell me?” Navi probed as she noticed her erratic movements, smirking a little as if she had an idea.

Ruto paused for a moment, then started pacing again suddenly. She faced away from the fairy to prevent her from seeing her worried expression.

“Well I lost the precious stone my mother gave me, that’s all!” Ruto said. “And I’m stuck in Jabu-Jabu’s belly!” She continued.

“And you really have to pee.” Navi added.

The guilty zora stopped in her tracks again and looked down. She hugged herself with her arms tightly.

“Don’t you?”

‘N-no.” Her voice carried a softer tone, meeker than her normal voice. Navi floated around to Ruto’s front and they locked eyes again.

“Yes, you do. You can’t fool me.” Navi disputed. “I’ve been watching you this whole time.” Ruto’s face went red. She tried to turn away again but Navi moved as quickly as she did.

“Admit it!” She demanded. Ruto’s mortified expression was joined with a slightly angry one, her eyes frowning at the fairy’s observation.

“Alright!” She yelled. “So what if I do? It’s not like I can do anything about it right now.” Turning her back again, Ruto subtly snuck her right hand down to her fishy parts and softly held herself.

Navi was reminded of her own little accident earlier and sighed a little, knowing how she felt. Even though she had been nothing but a troublesome little brat, Navi felt sympathy for her and decided to try not to embarrass her anymore.

“Don’t worry, we’ll get you out of here as fast as we can.” Navi said with a comforting voice. Ruto didn’t say anything but just sat down on the floor and hugged her knees to her chest.

Soon enough, Link returned to the two girls, and with a shiny new boomerang that he proudly showed off. It was made from a light colored maple wood with a red jewel in the middle.

“That should come in handy.” Navi stated and smiled.

“Definitely!” Link replied before placing it in his pocket somehow and looking down to the depressed zora.

“What’s wrong with her?”

Navi floated near Link’s ear and whispered. “Listen, be nice and gentle with her. Don’t handle her roughly.”

“Um… okay, why?” Link inquired obliviously.

“Because… she-” Navi began to explain but was cut off by Ruto, who furiously interrupted.

“Hey don’t tell him!” She snapped and plopped back down again in her “carry-me” position. Her face was beaming with humiliation as she shut her legs tightly.

Navi sighed and floated away from Link, out in front of him. The boy just shrugged his shoulders and picked her up gently, following what his fairy requested of him before they continued their trek through Jabu-Jabu. Since she no longer had to hide it from Navi anymore, Ruto cupped her fishy parts to comfort herself as she sat upon Link’s head. Navi continued to monitor her, she seemed to be containing herself well enough, though her facial expression implied distress.

Everytime Link had to set her down, whether it be to fight a monster or switch out his gear, Ruto would dance in place to prevent from desecrating her people’s sacred guardian. They eventually reached a large circular room with a raised platform in the center. Ruto bubbled with excitement when she spotted the object resting in the middle of the platform. It was a gold and sapphire jewel.

“That's it! That's what I've been looking for! Throw me up there! Onto the platform!” Ruto exclaimed, letting go of herself and bouncing on Link’s head.

She instantly regretted this action when she accidently let some of her pee out of her tightly shut opening. Navi covered her mouth with her hand and gasped a little when she saw the poor zora leak. It wasn’t much, not enough for her hero to notice, fortunately. Link was about to do as she told, but Ruto stopped him.

“On second thought, just set me up there. Don’t throw me.” She meekly requested.

Link gently placed the pee-filled zora upon the platform, where she carefully stood up and cheerfully walked over the sapphire stone. After picking it up, she started making her way back towards the edge. Not long after she made a few steps, the platform suddenly rose up from the ground and lifted Ruto up the room above. Link was knocked down before he could act. She cried out in terror before disappearing from sight.

“Where did she go?!” Navi implored.

Link stood himself back up as the platform made it’s way back down. This time there was a large octorok that sat upon it, looking ready for a battle. The young hero drew his sword and shield, preparing to defeat this beast that delayed him in his quest. Jumping off of the platform, which now had it’s spikes exposed along the side, the monster faced Link and their battle began.

With the help of Link’s warrior skills, along with his heroic passion and his new boomerang, he was able to kill the big octorok in a short amount of time. It died and it’s body melted into the water before disintegrating. The spikes lowered with the rest of the platform, allowing him to safely climb up it’s walls.

“Great job! Now lets go find our princess!” Navi cheered, but her spirits lowered when she realized Ruto was still in trouble, in more ways than one. They hurried to the middle of the platform, which elevated them to the floor above.

“I don’t see her up here.” Link commented, looking around the empty room.

“Let’s just move forward, she couldn't have gone far.” Navi replied leading him to the only exit.

Through Link’s quick wit and puzzle solving skills, they made their way to what seemed to be the last area of Jabu-Jabu. The large room they were now in appeared to be the main part of his stomach. The ground was much softer and moist, as were the walls, compared to the other areas they came from. Not only that, but there were several enlarged electric jellyfish that suddenly noticed Links presence and began provoking him into yet another battle.

“Link, look up there!” Navi advised, pointing to the large monster attached to the ceiling with it’s tentacles.

The large jellyfish then clung to the sides of the anemone and beams of electricity began firing at Link. He quickly dodged them and severed the tentacles that bound the bulbous beast with his boomerang. The jellyfishes spun wildly around it’s body while it continued to attack Link with electric beams with ferocity. He was able to stun the enemy with the boomerang while he took out the jellyfishes which also acted as its armor. The anemone was left vulnerable, and eventually succumbed to Link’s sword. Its defeat resulted in an explosion of goo, like a popped zit.

Now with that order of business out of the way, they would finally be reunited with the angsty zora princess once again. A column of blue light emerged from the middle of the room, and a desperate Ruto was already waiting, impatiently.Link had been oblivious to her predicament up to this point, where he took in her obvious signs. Poor Ruto was buckled at her knees, both hands shoved between her tightly clamped legs against her burning girlhood. She looked up to Link with an angry stare, but secretly humiliated for having to be seen in this state.

“You...You're late! What took you so long! You're useless!” The young zora’s voice quavered as she scolded him. Her little body shook intensely from the pressure that had built up inside of her bladder, which was begging for release.

“Well excuse me, princess!” Link drawled. “I got here as quick as I could!” He countered as his eyes scaled her body.

“Wow, you look like you really have to pee.” He added, causing Ruto blushed brighter than she ever had that day.

“Link, let’s just get out of here, so she can relieve herself outside.” Navi commanded.

Link nodded, stepping into the light that transported them all outside of Jabu-Jabu. They were reunited with fresh air, clean water and the setting sun. After they came to the senses, Ruto wasted no time jumping back into the water, right where Link was and released her pent up urine.They watched as a bright yellow cloud formed around a very relieved Ruto and expanded several feet all around her. Her eyes closed as she completely relaxed all of her muscles, floating on her back and heavily sighed with immense relief and a smile on her face. The first smile they had seen from her since they met her.

“You know, I have to commend you on how long you held it.” Navi chimed in. “I didn’t expect you to have anything left inside of you after that octorok attacked us, much less the entirety of two battles.”

“Well, I’ve had practice I guess.” Ruto was a lot more soft spoken now, after having released an overflowing bladder that she had been holding in for a couple of hours.

“It’s not like this is the first time I spent a long time in his belly.”

“Yeah, thanks for not peeing on my head… or anything.” Link said, smirking a little. Ruto and Navi both giggled in unison.

“...What?” Link inquired, confused.

“Nothing, nothing!” Ruto responded, leaving him oblivious to the little gift she left on his head earlier.

“Something smells fishy around here…” Link replied.

‘It’s me!” Ruto giggled.

“Oh… ha ha.”

As a reward for saving her, Ruto gave Link her precious stone, but it came with a price. That they were now engaged to each other, and were to be married some day. Not that Ruto liked Link, o-or anything.

%ruto.txt

*002*2014-11-16 03:22

{{: 

I'm a little disappointed there was no "this fiction belongs to antifairy" line. Otherwise another great story:)

}}

I forgot to add it, I was going to when I finished it. I'll have to go back and find a suitable spot for it as I didn't find one as I was writing it.

Added

*005*2014-11-19 19:01

Glad some people liked it. I struggled to finish it, getting disinterested half way through. Though I hate leaving fictions unfinished, I also didn't want to rush it at the same time wanting to get it done. It sucked.

I'm not fully satisfied with it but I think it's as good as it's going to get. Still, I want to know what people liked and disliked about it. Loved and hated, as well. I'm open to the harshest of criticisms and insults. Pick it apart, rip it to shreds if you want to.

*007*2014-11-20 15:03

{{: 

Quite enjoyed reading this and wouldn't mind seeing more with Ruto(perhaps a sequel at the Wter Temple, though that might be difficult since Ruto spends less time interacting with Link there).

}}

Yeah, this was a one shot with Ruto. This was the only situation I could think of that would be practical for a non-intentional desperation story. It would be too convenient for her to just go in the water in the Water Temple.

*009*2014-11-21 04:36

{{: 

I can't really criticize it more without splitting hairs.

}}

Split 'em.

*011*2014-11-21 21:44

Fair enough. I definitely need to work on dialogue especially with Link. Since you basically have to make up both a personality and dialogue. I tried to do that as I pictured him. I'm not really a fan of the belly either, mostly why I time skipped a lot of it (also to keep it at a reasonable length).

Also, I used to think Navi was a floating bunny and her wings were the ears.

