Cassie and David: The Beginning

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-11-10 01:51

I've decided to repost a story I wrote a long time ago for another website. It's not as good, as far as writing style, as my later stuff, but I decided to post it anyway. Here is the first part. Enjoy!

CASSIE AND DAVID: THE BEGINNING

It all began on a warm spring day. Ten year old David was walking home after school, as usual, when he saw ahead of him one of his classmates, Cassie, walking home, too. He was surprised because he couldn’t remember seeing her on his way home before. He knew Cassie was shy and had few friends in class.

Cassie had short brown hair, big blue eyes, and a thin body. In fact, she looked a little small for her age of 10. She was wearing a light green summer dress. They walked home in silence, the trip taking 15 minutes of so.

David, having reached his own house, waited to watch Cassie walk on to her house 2 doors away. She walked up the steps to the front door. David turned to enter his own house, when he heard Cassie moan, "Oh No!" He quickly looked around and was fascinated by what he saw. Cassie was looking through her bookbag in dismay, while stepping from foot to foot. David realized that Cassie must have forgotten her key, and had to pee really bad. He watch as she sat down on the top step to wait for her parents to arrive home. She no sooner sat down, when she began tapping her right leg up and down. 10 minutes later she started scissoring her legs open and shut.

After another 15 minutes she started rocking around on her butt, side to side and forward and back, all the while wriggling her legs open and shut. Suddenly, she squeezed her legs together tightly and leaned forward. David heard her let out a shriek and saw a huge gush of pee run our from under her and run down the steps. Cassie had peed herself! No sooner did the gusher diminish to a trickle and stop, before Cassie burst into tears. David felt truly sorry for her. He left his porch and walked up the street to Cassie’s house. David approached her steps slowly, not sure how Cassie would react. She recognized him immediately. "Oh my gosh, David! I’m locked out - I forgot my key - and I had to pee so bad, and I couldn’t hold it and I peed myself. I’m going to be in so much trouble!"

"Don’t worry," said David, "I’m sure your parents will understand. You couldn’t help it." Then he had an idea, "Hey! Why don’t you come over to my house? You can use our bathroom to clean yourself up, and I’ll loan you some clothes to wear." Cassie agreed, so they set off for David’s house. David found an old pair of jeans and a T-shirt she could wear, and then waited outside while she went into the bathroom to clean up and change. Later, they sat on David’s porch as they waited for Cassie’s parents to come home. "Have you ever peed yourself before?" asked David. "What! Oh no, not since I was a baby. My parents always insisted that I not wait when I have to go."

"I just wondered," said David. "You’re the first girl I ever saw pee herself."

"Oh yeah?" said Cassie, a grin forming on her face, "You like watching me, didn’t you?"

"Well, yes", admitted David. "Well, to be honest," said Cassie, "I kind of liked trying to hold it!"

"You did?" said David. "How about we meet at your house after school tomorrow?" said Cassie. "Will your parents be away again?"

"Yes, they won’t be home until after 5 again." Just then Cassie’s parents pulled up. "See you tomorrow!" said Cassie as she left."

