Picking My Sister Up from Ballet

Author: Axis

*000*2013-05-14 03:06

This is another story I wrote for Kelli. Enjoy!

I drove down the road, on my way to pick up my sister from ballet practice, which was about to end. I was desperate to pee, and so I grabbed a water bottle and drank the whole thing. This seems like a bad idea, but not if you knew what I did with the bottle after it was empty.

I arrived, freshly relieved, at the ballet school. I don't remember the name, except it has the words 'sisters' and 'academy.' I searched for my sister among the sea of pink leotards, but I couldn't find her. Then I felt a tug on my pants. I turned around to see my little sister, sort of dancing in place. I figured she was just excited like she always is after dance class. She looked up to me with her big, blue eyes and asked if we could leave. She seemed nervous, and she kept urging me to leave as soon as possible.

I wanted to talk to her instructor about recital dates, but I figured I could just do it next week. She was already in the car with her seat belt on when I got there. I got in and started the car and looked in the rear-view mirror to see my sister staring intently at the sky. As we started to drive away, it began to rain, and I heard a quiet groan from the back seat. I looked back to see my sister's hand shoved between her tightly pressed together legs, the other one holding up her chin as she continued to stare out the window.

As we kept driving, she got more and more restless, squirming and shaking as she watched the rainfall. I asked her if everything was OK and she replied by admitting that she was about to have an accident in her leotard. As soon as she said that, she crossed her legs over her hand with vice-like intensity. I told her she would get punished if she peed on my seat. She got really upset because she knew that was a very good possibility. She started frantically looking around, I assume for something to relieve herself into. Then she saw my pee-filled water bottle and she grabbed it. "Can I please drink your lemonade? Pleeeease?" she asked me. "Umm...it's...old. Yeah it's really old. Just dump it out the window."

"That's OK, I don't mind" she said as she unscrewed the cap. "No! Don't!" I yelled, but it was too late, she had already chugged the whole bottle. I tried not to throw up from what I had just seen.

Then, she immediately pulled her leotard to the side and placed the bottle between her legs. Not even a second later, pee sprayed into the bottle, quickly filling it up. "No!" she said as the pee level reached the neck of the bottle. "I'm not done!" Just as it was about to overflow, she pulled it away and started gushing onto the floor of the car. Pee was splashing everywhere, it was as if she had an ocean in her bladder.

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry! I couldn't hold it anymore!" she cried, still peeing forcefully. I wasn't going to hear it. "You are in so much trouble when we get home, young lady! And you are cleaning every last drop of pee out of my car!" She just sobbed silently as she finished emptying herself. She was so ashamed that she didn't notice her leotard go back into place, soaking up the last of her pee. "Looks like you've got laundry to do now too." She looked down at her dripping wet outfit and just kept crying, embarrassed and ashamed beyond belief. I felt a little bad, considering she had filled herself with a large, full bladder's worth of pee at the last second. I looked back to see that she had moved her leotard to the side once more, probably because the wetness was uncomfortable, leaving her dripping wet pussy in plain view. I was going to say something, but she had been through enough and I let it go. Right into my pants.

Get it? Right into my...never mind. Hope you liked, let me know if you did. I take requests if you happen to like my particular writing style.

