Sally's Punishment

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2020-03-31 05:20

So, this is my first story. Sorry it's kinda weird. Hope you enjoy it, regardless.

"Sally, I can't believe you." Her father said disappointed.

Sally had really done it now. In the middle of the night, she vandalized her fathers car, covering it with drawings of dicks with a pink spray can.

"I had to go to work in a goddamn dick-mobile!" He shouted. "Why would you do this?"

Sally said nothing, not wanting to speak or even look at her father.

With Sally not saying anything to explain herself, her father left to calm himself down, only saying he'd have something to say at 5.

Sally Went to her room. She wondered what he'd have her do as a punishment, but decided whatever it was, it was worth it to get at him.

Sally was 17. She had long brown hair, and was wearing a green shirt and blue leggings. She and her father had been distant for a very long time. Ever since the divorce, she and her mother had come to hate him. However she always had to visit for the weekends. She hated it. The "dick mobile" as her father called it was one of her ways of revenge.

After browsing and texting on her phone for a while, the time soon reached 5 o'clock. Her father called her down to the living room.

"What do you want?" She asked.

"I finally decided what to do." He replied.

"Fine. What's my punishment?"

"Well," He said. "You might not be getting punished."

"Great, see ya!" She said as she went to walk back to her room.

"Oh, Come on! Get back here. there's more to it."

Sally sighed and walked back. "....What?"

He handed her two bottles of water. "Drink these."

"I'm not thirsty." She said.

"DRINK THEM." He said sternly.

Sally rolled her eyes as she grabbed a bottle, sat on the couch, and drank it (The bottle I mean, not the couch. You can't drink a couch.)

She drank the bottle rather quickly just to get this over with. "Wow. What a punishment." She said sarcastically.

"And the other one." her father said.

"The other one?" she asked. "Why? What are you planning?"

"DRINK THE OTHER ONE." He said, raising his voice.

With a sigh, she grabbed and drank the other one. The whole time, wondering "What the hell?" When she finished drinking the second bottle, she felt a small twinge in her tummy, but thought nothing of it.

She noticed her father had the camcorder. "What are you doing with that?" she asked.

"Here's the deal!" he said. "I'm giving you a chance not to get punished. Soon, the water you drank will reach your bladder. If you can stay here in this room for the next hour and a half and not pee yourself, You won't be punished."

Sally's eyes widened in shock and confusion at what her father just said. "........What the fuck!"

"Language." He said "And you heard me. Hour and a half, don't pee yourself, and you won't be punished."

"....." Sally was speechless. What the hell has he been smoking? she thought. "And if I do pee, what's the punishment?"

"That's a secret." he replied in a terse manner.

"Why do this?" She asked. "What made you even think of this in the first place?"

Her father simply shrugged. "Seemed like a fun way to pass the time."

Fun? Fun!? He thought this would be fun?

On hearing this, Sally suddenly remembered something. One night, her mother mentioned something to her friends.

"That weirdo is into women peeing themselves. Can you fucking believe that?"

Is that what this is? She thought. He's really into that? But I'm his daughter. What the fuck!

"What's to stop me from going to the bathroom right now?" She asked.

"Nothing." he said. "I won't stop you, but if you do, your punishment will be worse than if you cooperate."

"What even is the punishment? is it the camera?"

"As I said, it's a secret. But I will be recording."

So that's it. she thought. He's probably gonna film it and use it for something. Sally thought about just using the bathroom, but then she realized something.

If she goes through with this and wins, she won't be punished, and that's another way she can get at him.

This thought alone made her want to go through with this. After all, she's an adult. She's not gonna piss her pants like some baby.

"Okay then." she said.

"Alright." he said as he started the camcorder and started filming.

Now here's the thing. There's not really much to say for the first 30 minutes. The water hadn't really reached her bladder, so she was just kinda sitting there. They had the TV on though. Ooh, TV, yay!

Now, after the 40 minute mark was when she started to feel uncomfortable. Nothing too serious, but enough for her to notice it.

After an hour, It was enough to make her want to hold herself. She was worried about doing that though as her father was looking at her and still filming. She didn't want to give him the satisfaction of watching her struggle.

15 minutes later, that became a pipe dream. She crossed her legs and squeezed. Not too hard, though, as she still didn't want him to know. She looked at him to check and, unfortunately, he had a small grin.

"Don't be shy." he said. "By all means, do whatever you need to do to win."

Sally scoffed. Hearing that made her mad. Her father acting like this was just some game. It meant so much more to her. But he was right about one thing. She has to win. With that, she squeezed her legs together more just until the urge to pee died down a bit.

An hour and 25 minutes in, She could hardly sit still anymore. She was constantly switching between squeezing her thighs, having her hands in her crotch, and crossing her legs.

Her father laughed. "you're like a pretzel." He was saying it to get on her nerves. and the worst part was it was working.

Sally kepts holding on until finally

Ring ring ring ring!

The timer finally went off, signalling that she had won.

"YES!" she shouted as she got up, and raised her fists in victory. She quickly walked to the toilet. it was practically calling her name. "Sally. Sally. come pee in me. You know you want to."

"Hang on!" Her father said, stopping her.

Sally winced in pain before turning to face him. "What? I won."

"Yes, you did. And congratulations." he said. "But how would you like to raise the stakes?"

"Come on! You can't just change the rules!"

"I'm not changing the rules. I'm just giving you something more to gain."

Sally was getting really annoyed now. She wanted to pee, dammit! "What are you talking about?"

"Another half hour. If you lose, you still get punished." He said. "But if you win, I get you a ticket to the concert to that band you like."

"Fourty Hands?" She quickly asked. They were Sally's favorite band. She loved their music, and it just so happened that they were on tour, and would be in town next month.

Hearing the name of that band made her father cringe "Yeah, those guys. I'll get you a ticket if you hold it for just a half hour more."

Sally wanted that ticket, but she also wanted to pee. Like a lot. She really had to pee now.

"Come on." He said. "When are you gonna have another chance to see them in person?"

Sally bit her lip in thought. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity. But could she hold it? She could. Could she?

"Just a half hour, right?" She asked anxiously.

He nodded "30 minutes. Well 29 now. The timer's going."

29 minutes. Sally's bladder felt so full, and the muscles in her crotch felt like a castle gate being attack by a battering ram. But 29 minutes

".......nnnnnng Okay!" She finally said as she went back to the couch. As she sat down, her bladder felt like it wanted to cry.

Ten more minutes passed. Sally was taking deep breathes through her teeth. She had her hands in her crotch and legs crossed too. She wasn't concerned about how she looked to her father or the camera anymore. She needed to pee REALLY BADLY. She knew it, he knew it, maybe the whole world knew it, she didn't care. She wanted to win this.

If her bladder could talk, it would say nothing but profanity aimed directly at Sally for this torture.

She couldn't sit still anymore. Sally stood up and started doing a little dance, lifting her legs up and down, left and right, Kinda like she was on a Dance Dance Revolution pad.

"Want me play some music?" Her father asked.

"SHUT UP!!" She shouted in desperation, making him laugh.

Sally hated that laugh. She hated him. She's torturing herself for his amusement, and he's fucking laughing. She wanted to think about how sweet it'll be to finally win this, but that made holding it worse. Thinking about winning made her think about peeing.

Peeing? Oh, how she wanted to pee. She wished she could just run to the toilet, rip her leggings down and pee until the cows came home. Oh, how good it would be. Practically orgasmic, she thought.

"SHIT!" she shouted as a little leaked out into her panties. Fortunately, she was able to stop it. But man, that was close.

One hour and fifty five minutes. Just five more minutes, and she'd win. She could get that ticket to the band she loved, and she'd get to pee in the toilet she lo.....well, I mean, she doesn't love the toilet, that be weird, but she couldn't wait to see it again.

Two more minutes pass. Three minutes until sweet victory. Sally was not in great condition. She was sweating, exhausted, and in so much pain. But soon it would be over. Soon, she could finally relax. Just three more minutes. She could do this. She can win! SHE CAN-

What's that noise.

Sally suddenly heard the familiar sound of peeing. It wasn't her. What's going on. She looked to her father, who was playing noises on his phone. Noises of people peeing.

"Stop that!" She demanded. Hearing those clips of other people peeing made her urge to pee even worse.

If he kept playing those.... oh god.

"STOP IT!" She yelled as she grabbed her crotch and held on for dear life "...PLEASE!! STOP!!!"

But he didn't. He just played more and more peeing clips, and made them louder.

"Ahh.....Ahhh..." She tried so hard to keep it in. She tried everything she could to hold it. She did everything right.

And it wasn't enough.

"NO! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!!" It started as a dribble. Then a spurt. Then the inevitable.

Sally started to pee her pants. She tried her best to hold it in, but all that did at this point was getting pee on her hands. At this point, there was nothing more she could do except let it happen. It gushed out like a hose after fixing the kink, soaking her panties, her pants, her socks, and finally, the tiled floor.

It probably felt great, like she thought earlier, but if you asked her for details, she wouldn't know. All she could think at that moment was how she lost, and that she was pissing herself in front of her father.

Eventually, she was finally empty. even thought it was only a minute, it felt like an eternity to her. She looked up at her father, who was just beaming with a great big small.

"Oh, what do you know. You lost!" he said like a total dick.

"Oh, fuck you!" Sally finally said.

"Hey. Don't talk like that."

"NO! FUCK YOU!" She shouted. "ARE YOU FUCKING HAPPY! THIS IS WHAT YOU WANTED, RIGHT?! YOU SICK FUCK!!"

Her father's eyes widened. "...Wait, what?"

"Mom told me everything." Sally revealed. "She told me this is your sick fetish. You bastard! I'M YOUR DAUGHTER!"

He gasped. "...No ....Sally, no. That's not-"

"FUCK OFF! I don't want to hear it. I don't want to hear whatever sick thing you plan on doing with that footage either. I don't-"

Sally was suddenly interrupted by her father hugging her. Sally was ready to knock his goddamn head off, but this was different. This wasn't the hug of some sick creep. Out of nowhere, this was her father.

"Not you." he said. "Never you. That wasn't- this wasn't..... That's not what this was."

"Then what the hell was it?"

"Sally, You drew dicks on my car. I had to go to work, and had to explain to everyone who asked that my daughter drew dicks on my car. Do you have any idea what it feels like to be humiliated by family?"

"I DO NOW!" She shouted.

"Exactly!" he said, backing out from the hug, placing his hands on her shoulders, and looking at her in the eye. "I needed you to understand. Doing things like this and embarrassing others, that's not okay."

"Wait." Sally said suddenly realizing something. "Me peeing myself... was the punishment."

"BINGO!" He shouted, raising his hands to the sky. "If I just sent you to your room or made you do chores, would you have learned anything?"

Sally was stunned by his logic. "......No. I guess I wouldn't have." She admitted. "But did you have to do this?"

"It was the only thing I could think of." He said. "And for what it's worth, I'm sorry."

This was her father? She thought her father was some sick creepy asshole. Her mother said so many awful things about him to her.

"When Mom told me you were into this, I thought you were-"

"I know." He said, stopping her from finishing that sentence. ".....I know." Her father seemed very sad at the mention of his ex wife. "....Your mother ......I don't know what happened to her. She and I were so in love, but one day, she slowly began to change." He claimed. "You noticed it too, haven't you?"

"Yeah." Sally never wanted to admit it, but she had noticed. Her mother used to be a loving lady, but years ago, she changed. This whole time, Sally blamed her father, but it wasn't his fault at all. All this time, he was still a kind, caring person, and her mother treated him like dirt. And now. so did Sally. Sally felt awful now for how she had been treating him all this time.

"Anyway, here. Take a look." Her father handed her the camera.

"....Wait a minute." She said. The moment she grabbed the camera how cool it felt. "Are you serious!?"

"I never turned it on." He revealed. "That was just to mess with you. Sorry about that. Also this." he said as he grabbed a small box from the shelf and handed it to her. Sally opened it, and inside was a ticket.

A ticket to see 40 Hands.

"I bought it for you two days ago. I wanted to surprise you."

Sally couldn't believe it. She was speechless. "....I ....You.......I'm surprised!"

The two of them started to laugh. ordinarily, that should've cause just a small chuckle, but after everything that just happened, they needed a laugh. The both of them laughed pretty hard, but Sally slowly went from laughing to crying.

"I'm so sorry!" She said with tears in her eyes. "This whole time, I blamed you for everything. I treated you horribly. I.... I... I"

Her father hugged her again. "I'm sorry too."

They hugged for a long time. Once the emotions started to calm down a little, Sally went to shower. Her father cleaned up the mess. She offered to clean it, but he said it was fine, and he'd clean her clothes in the laundry too.

As Sally washed herself off in the shower, she realized everything was different now. The parent she hated was loving, the parent she loved was kind of a bitch. Everything felt upside down now. But there was one thought that kind of made her laugh.

For some weird reason, some strange miracle. Her peeing herself brought her and her father closer together.

*002*2020-03-31 07:17

{{43 minutes ago, Labalaba003 said:

Wow. This is a great story. Well done.

}}

YAY! I was so worried about posting this as this is my first story. I'm glad you liked it.

*006*2020-03-31 20:12

{{7 hours ago, Jane Jones said:

This is one of the smartest twists on a humiliation story i've seen. Great job!

}}

Glad you think so.

{{3 hours ago, ashishgamer said:

Wow I seriously thought this was some creepy story about a father getting off by making her daughter wet herself and I was gonna give such a piece of my mind here. But it turned out to be one of the most beautiful omo stories I've ever read. Can someone please make this into a short film? I am sure this will win a lot of awards.

}}

Oh, stop it, you!

Not gonna lie, I was worried about people not finishing the story, or just reading the title and getting the wrong idea. Glad you read through it and changed your mind on it.

The fact it, I hate the creepy stories too, where people are so mean to the protagonist and do everything to make them pee or whatever. I'll read some stories like that and think "Why the hell is no one nice?"

{{2 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

That was an amazing story with an incredible ending.

Fantastic job, really great!

}}

Thanks! I thought this up a while back, but I was worried about writing it. I'm so happy people like it.

*008*2020-04-01 18:27

{{6 hours ago, pguy69 said:

This is excellent! I really hope you share more of your work!

}}

I don't know if I'll keep doing this, It was just an idea that popped into my head. But if I ever make another one, I'll definitely share it.

*011*2020-04-02 22:14

{{13 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

This story is so beautiful... And very different from the ones that we generally read on this forum. Love it!

Just one word of advise, please be careful with the age of the characters, you wouldn't want any one calling out on you...

}}

Is 17 too young? Sorry. I thought 18 might be too old for her personality at the beginning.

I live in Canada, and unlike the States, the age of consent here is 16, so I thought, maybe..... MAYBE, 17 might be okay.

If It was not okay, then I apologize.

