Chapter 26: ...Even Adults? - Wattpad

For this evening they had chosen a Japanese style restaurant to dine at, it was the all you can eat type where you could get your fresh vegetables and meat from a buffet and bring it to the cook who will grill and stir fry it to your liking.

They had arrived at the restaurant in fresh clothes while being just in time for their reservation, they got greeted by a friendly waiter who guided them to their table. While following him they passed by the buffet and the grill where some people had already gathered waiting for their food to be done, the chefs were busy cooking and were giving quite a show while doing so, it looked pretty epic.

Just like the other restaurant this was also completely decorated and in theme, in this case it was ancient Japanese style with art and small dragon statues imbedded into the ceiling and walls, it was very fancy.

If it wasn't for the mellow rocking of the ship they could've sworn they weren't even on the ship any more.

They got their seats assigned and they got pleasantly surprised with a table that was equipped with soft and comfortably looking seats, they all sat down with Luna and Chloe sitting next to each other and Vicky and Selena on the opposing side. This way Luna also had a great view over the restaurant as she and Chloe were sitting with their backs to the wall.

The restaurant was quite big and busy, almost all tables were occupied it seemed.

Next to their table on Luna's side was a bigger table with a big group, it seemed to be consisting of two families. They had a younger daughter (who must be slightly younger than Emma) and two older sons sitting right next to Luna's group. All three were playing video games on their handheld console.

The table straight ahead of Luna's group (behind Vicky and Selena) had a family sitting with a teenage son and daughter.

Left from Luna's group was one more table with a couple seated and after that was the entrance to the toilets, which Luna wasn't sure yet if she was gonna use it or not. She had caught herself thinking of how funny it was that she was considering just wetting her jeans right here while sitting so close to the toilets while there was no sign of a line at the moment...

...Then again, with everything that had happened she could still hear the words of Claire echoing through her head right after she had pissed her pants in the middle of Central Park. "See, nobody cares!"

After all, she had done the same minutes later and surely tons of people had seen it... surely in the past few days she had wet herself a bunch of times, mostly during the party, but that was less daring, knowing so many people were doing the same made it so much easier and less embarrassing. The alcohol had helped her a fair deal as well in the confidence department paired with it being dark outside

Luna kept reflecting on her day so far, today has been one of a kind for sure. Starting with lunch in the cafeteria..., she had wet herself in front of an audience several times today, but earlier at Central Park it was the first time she had really wet herself fully in the open without any shame or hesitation whatsoever, and thus far she had no regrets doing it.

The service in the restaurants was good and fast, they got their appetizers with their first drinks and a bottle of water. They eagerly started munching on the snacks and sipping their drinks.

"Say, didn't you guys say that you wet your pants last time you went to a restaurant like this?" Vicky asked,

Chloe answered, "Yea we did, but to be fair, there were not nearly as many people as now."

"We were sitting in a U shape cubicle so nobody could really see, plus by the time we left there were barely any people left so honestly, I think nobody saw our wet pissy pants/skirt. It was one heck of a rush though!" Luna added,

"Okay that makes sense," Selena said understandably, "I was about to say you guys had some serious balls for doing that!"

"It wasn't nearly as crazy as how we wet ourselves in the middle of Central Park earlier!" Chloe assured.

Selena had been scrolling through something on her phone when she suddenly spoke up,

"So that's why my phone kept buzzing, uhm..." Selena seemed lost for words before she continued, "You two might want to check the class chat on your phones."

Luna took out her phone while Chloe read along on hers, they quickly realized what was going on.

Word had gotten out about her and Chloe, although Luna had been worried about this she couldn't hold back a chuckle at seeing the comments. It seemed to be her classmates back at home hadn't decided yet if it was just a prank or actually real. Some guys were saying "Congratulations" With a bunch of perverted emojis behind it that portrayed all sorts of indecencies.

"Oh god why did they need so many peach emojis?" Selena asked,

All four were laughing their asses off at reading the comments.

Luna scrolled up to see the previous comments and found out that two guys from her class had leaked that they were dating, it was quite funny to Luna how all the comments that followed were just classmates doubting if it was real.

Luna then checked her personal messages while letting Chloe read along, one was of course from her ex Tim.

She did feel bad for him, knowing he still had feelings for her.

"I just heard about the funny joke, good one I must say! Having fun at the cruise? How's it been going?"

Some more random chit chat followed with him ending with "But it's all just a joke right?"

Luna could so read through him, he was scared it was real and wanted to believe it was a joke like the rest of her class did, she figured someone from her class told him about it as he didn't even attend the same class.

She was overthinking what she was gonna reply for a little bit, should she lie and say it was a joke for now? No, that was terrible and he didn't deserve that, although in this very moment she wanted to lock her phone and not react to it at all, in other words run away from from the problem at hand. But wouldn't that be just as bad as lying?

"Hey you okay?" Chloe asked concerned,

Luna had made up her mind, "Yea I'm fine!"

There was no point in hiding it, he would find out about it anyway. She replied, "I'm sorry, not a joke I'm afraid. I really love her."

Oof... there she had said it. It weirdly felt good getting it off her chest.

Almost immediately she got a text back, "For real? Since when in the fuck are you gay?? Is this just another bad joke?"

The text sounded angry to Luna, she knew he was mad right now, or at least very disappointed.

She decided that was enough for now and didn't feel like responding to that text at all, she had said enough for now after all.

In the class chat some guy in her class had made a new comment just now: "Damn unlucky for Damian, i heard he wanted to ask out Chloe once she came back from the cruise!"

It sounded like a joke and it probably was but that didn't really matter right now, Chloe had taken out her own phone and had a comment typed ready in the chat bar which she now showed to Luna but hadn't pressed 'send' yet.

The message said: "Sorry not single any more!"

Chloe was looking at Luna now for her reaction.

"Do you mind if I send that?" Chloe asked, she seemed hopeful. "I mean, only if you're absolutely sure about it, I don't mind if you don't want it!

Luna understood what she meant, sending that message was like making it official.

She was surprised by herself at how calm she was about all this... "Sure send it, I don't mind!"

Chloe did, Luna quickly reacted to it on her own phone with a heart emoji and within seconds the comments that followed were just as hilarious as the first ones, still most of her classmates wouldn't believe it thinking it was all just an elaborate prank and the four of them started laughing about it again. Luna loved how Chloe seemed all happy and bubbly sending that message to the rest of the class, basically confirming they were a thing now, even if some of them didn't believe it.

...A bunch of peach emoji's suddenly popped up again in the chat...

She decided to ignore the further texts on her phone for the rest of the evening.

They stored their phones away and continued snacking on the amazing food that they had in front of them followed by emptying their drinks and ordering fresh ones.

Luna could already feel her bladder start to fill which in turn was making her feel excited knowing it was almost time to let out some spurts in her fresh panties and jeans, or maybe this time she could throw away all caution and relax her bladder completely, letting her stream flow in her pants for several seconds before stopping? The toilet was of course also an option but Luna didn't even consider it, wetting was so much more fun and exciting right now!

The restaurant was crowded and she knew she would have to walk all the way to the buffet and wait there in line for her food to get cooked, which meant loads of people would see her pissy jeans if she would wet herself by then. The more she was thinking about it the more she was getting aroused and excited of actually doing it, embarrassment was only a very far afterthought any more.

They kept talking about stuff while snacking on their starters, mostly about Luna and Chloe's relationship which they didn't mind at this point, Luna felt surprisingly at ease with conversing about it with her friends.

"Honestly the first time I saw you two kiss at the party I was shocked and never expected it, even when it became clear it was serious between you two." Vicky explained, "But by now I feel like it only makes sense for you two to date, it's funny how quickly it became normal!"

Selena added her perception, "I think it's that smile they get when they look at each other!"

"Oh yea it's that stupid grin they get on their face, they only do that thing when looking at each other!" Vicky quickly blurted out,

Both Luna and Chloe blushed and spoke up, "What are you guys even talking about?"

The conversation carried on and Vicky brought up the topic if both their parents knew anything about this.

"Well my parents know I'm lesbian I guess, not that they ever did or say anything to really acknowledge it." Chloe answered,

After that Chloe told Vicky and Selena more about herself and her home situation, which they clearly felt sorry about for her...

"So Luna, are you going to tell your parents?" Selena asked politely, "Well, if you've figured out by now if you're gay or bi or whatever."

Luna blurted out, "Well after last night I'm pretty sure I'm gay to be fair!"

They all wholeheartedly laughed about this.

Suddenly the family with the son and daughter at the table right ahead of them raised their voice a little and it caught Luna's attention.

The father suddenly spoke up, "Allan are you wetting your pants?"

"Yes"

Luna and the others couldn't help but let out a chuckle, the teenage boy called 'Allan' had said it in such an absolutely casual manner that it was hilarious to them.

Luna leaned a bit to the side so she could look past Selena, she could see the boy was indeed in the middle of wetting his shorts on his seat, pee was running down his seat while his shorts were getting visibly soaked. He hadn't even taken his eyes off his phone while doing so.

"There's a toilet right there, why would you pee in your pants?" The mother asked curious but remained calm not making a big deal out of it.

The boy calmly answered, "We're done with our food and we're gonna go to the movies soon no? I was gonna wet my pants during the movie anyway so I don't see why I would bother going to the toilet now."

The little sister quickly added, "Well on the ship it's allowed right? So why wait until we get to the movies?"

Mother: "Haha, well fine if you prefer peeing in your pants that's fine by me."

Father: "Also fine by me but we're planning on getting a desert, which means you'll have to stay in those wet clothes for a while before we get to the movies."

Boy: "I don't mind."

Girl: "I don't mind either, toilets are kinda boring compared to how exciting it is to wet your pants instead!"

"Hold on, did you wet yourself as well?" Both the mother and father asked surprised,

"Just a little bit, for fun." The girl answered while shrugging and followed up with a question, "Why are you surprised? I've wet my pants so many times last few days, it just feels nice to do."

Luna leaned a little bit again and confirmed there was indeed a wet patch on the girls crotch of her shorts, she loved how casual the family was being about it, the son and daughter were completely comfortable with going in their pants even if people could see it, while their parents were also okay with them totally skipping out on the toilet that was right there.

"Well after the desert me and your mom are still gonna use the toilets like normal people do."

"Okay but going to the toilet is still boring, I'm gonna keep peeing..." The girl briefly paused, before continuing she let out an audible sigh, "aah....... in my shorts."

Luna noticed how the wet patch on the girls shorts grew bigger and glistened for a second.

Luna's group had all overheard how the girl had just further peed in her pants in the middle of a sentence, her parents just chuckled at it and right as they recovered the boy had a question for his parents...

The boy asked curious, "You have already wet yourselves a bunch of times out of convenience as well, why now bother with the toilet if we're all gonna wet our pants during the movie anyway?"

Mother and father looked at each other, they actually couldn't immediately find a good answer to that question as it was true what their son had just said, with the horrible toilet rotations and waiting lines they had wet themselves a bunch of times already out of convenience and told their children it was fine to do so as well.

In the last few days alone their kids had wet themselves countless of times and of course they had noticed that their son and daughter were completely unfazed about it, better yet, they have had some suspicions that they were enjoying it and doing it on purpose by now, but as it was allowed and accepted on the cruise they didn't really see a problem with it.

Of course they were also quite well aware that the nighttime bedwetting accidents... weren't truly accidents any more.

Only reason the parents didn't feel like joining their kids right now was embarrassment, they were sitting in a crowded public restaurant and adults aren't supposed to wet their pants after all.

Their father finally spoke up, "I can tell you two are enjoying it, and that's fine go ahead if you want to but us adults can't just go and pee ourselves like that."

"Pfft, why not? What's the big deal!" The teenage boy asked,

The little girl added, "I don't think people really care any more if someone pees in their pants, just skip the toilet and pee your pants like this!" The girl leaned back and spread her legs while letting out a sigh, a second later her crotch got all shiny again followed with drips falling down from her seat. Blatantly letting out a stream of pee for what seemed several seconds before stopping.

"Even my butt got wet this time!"

Luna could barely contain a chuckle overhearing this wholesome conversation coming from the table across. Hearing the children trying to comfort and convince their parents to wet themselves was something she didn't see coming. She was curious if grown adults would wet themselves in the middle of the restaurant, considering how the stigma had been becoming less and less during the cruise.

Chloe stuffed the last piece of their starter dish in her mouth while everyone agreed to stay a little longer before going to the buffet, it seemed it was at it's busiest moment right now and the waiting line was a bit long, as they had more than plenty of time left to catch their movie they didn't mind staying and enjoyed another serving of drinks. By the time they started on their fresh drink Luna could hear how the girl nonchalantly had announced she was gonna "finish in her pants".

Luna didn't need to lean to the side to see, she knew the girl was soaking her shorts right now.

Vicky suddenly whispered, "The couple next to us are talking about whether they should go to the toilet or have some naughty fun and wet their pants right here at their table, I kid you not."

Chloe confirmed she had heard it as well, Luna loved how people seemed to be fully embracing the lack of toilet etiquette, early on in the cruise it was younger kids starting to wet themselves just for funsies but by now it seemed a lot of adults were very much starting to ease into the whole idea as well.

Luna grinned while saying, "It seems people of all ages are starting to simply enjoy it or at least doing it out of convenience."

"I'm loving it to be honest, best vacation of my life so far!" Vicky blurted out,

They all agreed.

With that said, Luna felt a tingle in her bladder from all the drinks they were having, she was leaning forward with her elbows on the table while she was talking to the others.

Oh she had been looking forward to this already. She spread her legs a little and without further overthinking it she relaxed and let her full stream of pee hit the inside of her panties while Luna had to hold back a moan, feeling her pussy getting engulfed in a warm sensation that was spreading in her panties and jeans. She didn't feel like stopping her stream immediately as it felt too good, letting her pee flow freely in her pants and on her seat, the familiar warm sensation that she loved so much was spreading under her butt followed with the sound of something dripping.

pee was slowly dripping down from her seat and jeans onto the carpet underneath her and only now she stopped her stream.

God that had felt amazing, she had just pissed herself on a whim in a crowded restaurant without feeling any embarrassment about it. In fact, she felt completely aroused and quickly let out another long spurt in her already wet pants, prolonging the sensation, another wave of warmth went through her jeans and she loved how the wet denim felt against her skin, her wet panties clinging to her butt.

With a quick glance down she confirmed there was a massive wet patch on her jeans, she was riding a massive high knowing her entire butt was wet while soon she had to walk through the entire restaurant to get to the buffet for food.

Just when she thought she couldn't get more aroused Luna could feel Chloe's hand on her lap, sliding her hand down and in-between her thighs, feeling the warm and wet mess Luna had just made. Her arousal was going through the roof right now. She looked at Chloe and got greeted by her trademark mischievous smile although she could swear it was more radiating than usual. They couldn't help it, they leaned in for a spontaneous kiss.

During their kiss Luna pushed another long spurt in her pants, letting another wave of warm sensation lose in her pants and onto Chloe's hands, hoping she would feel it. As they stopped kissing and Luna looked at Chloe's face she could tell she was feeling it alright.

"Hold on, I think I could just hear something dripping?" Selena remarked,

Luna didn't even lower her voice when she casually answered, "Yea I just pissed myself!"

Everyone let out a chuckle, even some of the people on the big table next to her who had clearly heard her.

"Why is everyone laughing? What did she say?" One of the fathers on the table asked his wife.

"I think she said she just peed herself."

The big bearded father let out a laugh while without lowering his voice, "Oh, hahaha, I love how people are just wetting their pants for for whatever reason."

A woman that was probably his wife agreed with him, "Yep, same here, it's allowed on the cruise and it's their pants so they can do in it what they want."

The group agreed and kept the discussion going and Luna found it quite interesting so she kept eaves dropping.

While doing that her gaze fell upon their daughter who was sitting diagonal from her, she was still playing her video game while leaning back in her seat with one leg resting on her knee, Luna was surprised she hadn't noticed before but the girl had a small wet patch on her crotch. Clearly the girl had wet her pants a little, this didn't even surprise Luna any more by now. The girl also didn't seem to worry about it at all that it was pretty visible with the way how she was sitting, her mom was sitting next to her after all. The fact that she was wearing a light coloured jeans was only making it more noticeable.

One of the fathers was making a point, "If there's one thing that I learned from this cruise it's that wetting your pants being bad is only a stigma. Hell why is it seen as such a bad thing in our society?"

One of the mothers slammed her hand on the table when making a point. "Exactly! This cruise has shown me that we ladies actually have more options when we need to pee" The woman continued in a confident manner, "For example, if a lady goes out drinking with friends and she gets desperate while walking home it quickly becomes a frustrating problem! Men can easily find a spot usually, but still this counts even for men. When being desperate for a pee I think it should be acceptable to just let go in your pants if you want to, it's your pants after all and it shouldn't be a weird thing to do!"

The other mother now also joined into the conversation "Yea why would other people have a say in what we do in our pants or not, it shouldn't matter as long as we don't damage anyone's property!"

The big bearded father now reassured his wife, "Honey if you ever get in a situation like that after this cruise ends, if you want to just let it flow in your pants I think you should do it, I won't judge!"

Luna couldn't help but enjoy their discussion they were having, she felt like they had made a few good points and it was super wholesome. While she listened she noticed how the little girl sitting diagonal of her was letting out more spurts in her pants as her wet patch was growing bigger.

Chloe suddenly whispered, "The people on the table on our side heard you say that you had wet yourself just now, it pushed them over the edge and they're wetting themselves right now."

Vicky confirmed this and Luna quickly leaned a bit forwards so she could look past Chloe, she could see two puddles forming on the ground under the table while pee was cascading down their seats, confirming these two grown adults were wetting their pants for fun.

Luna's head was spinning again, everyone was being so casual about it she couldn't really process it.

Selena now spoke up, "So I thought with the toilet being this close and having no waiting line I thought we'd go to the toilets? But Luna already wet herself and with seeing this many people being so okay with it..."

Vicky interrupted her, "Honestly I was planning on going in my pants all along, but if you rather go to the toilet then no problem."

"No no, I think I want to go in my pants as well, I'm gonna wet myself during the movie anyway. I'm gonna wait until we get back from the buffet though, there's so many people right now..."

"I also thought the restaurant was a bit too crowded maybe," Chloe said while thinking, "But I guess it doesn't actually matter, I think I'm also gonna have some fun and skip the toilet."

Luna could feel Chloe's hand slide in between her thighs once more, she didn't think twice... she felt like enjoying herself some more so she just relaxed and let the remaining contents of her bladder flow freely in her pants. Why would she worry about people seeing her pee right now?

"Nice and warm." Chloe whispered,

Luna once again was relishing the warm wetness that was spreading underneath her, pee pooling around her butt on the comfortable seats, hearing it overflow and drip onto the ground. Surely she must be making a puddle on the ground like the people on the other table. With her head in the clouds she let her bladder empty in her jeans while she could feel Chloe caress her soaking wet thigh. She didn't even bother stopping her flow while a waitress showed up to collect their empty glasses and just kept going in her pants.

Once she was finished peeing she let out a sigh, again followed by chuckles coming from around her including the waitress as well as the other tables as some people must have noticed she had just soaked her pants completely. Luna quickly excused herself towards the waitress but just as quickly as they always do she countered with the usual "No need to excuse yourself for that miss"

The big bearded father from the table next to them spoke with his heavy voice again, "Haha awesome, If it's gonna be like this I might just piss myself later as well!"

The rest of his table laughed and started agreeing with him.

"Haha why the hell not? Just for fun so we have a good story to tell after the cruise ends."

One of the mothers spoke up and light heartedly said something to her daughter.

"Well at this point... I might as well say this! Sweety, you don't have to go to the toilet if you don't want to, if you want to you can just pee in your pants."

The mother who was sitting next to her daughter only now saw the wet patch on her jeans that was the size of a baseball by now, "Oh never mind, you already did!"

Their whole group started laughing wholeheartedly hearing the girl had already wet her pants.

"I thought you wouldn't mind, It just feels nice to do it in my pants." The little girl responded,

"No no it's okay, in fact for the remainder of the cruise you can just go in your pants if you prefer, you don't need to ask any more!"

"Cool! I'm just gonna keep going in my pants then!"

As if on command the wet patch on her jeans glistened for a second and grew a bit bigger again.

"Can we also skip the toilets?" The two boys next to Luna suddenly asked their own parents,

The other parents now answered, "Of course, you don't have to ask it any more!"

Luna could see how the two boys promptly started wetting their pants like it was a normal thing to do...

It didn't take long or two more puddles were forming on the carpet while the boys their pants were slowly but surely getting soaked while they were relieving themselves, they didn't even pause their video game and just continued playing while peeing.

Everything was going so quickly right now...

The people on the table on one side next to Chloe and Vicky had already fully wet themselves for fun.

The family on the opposing table had a son and daughter who wet their pants simply for their enjoyment and laziness... On Luna's and Selena's side of the table there was a bigger group consisting of two family's that seemingly were also quite open minded about wetting pants although they themselves still had dry pants. Their daughter was enjoying herself as well with doing spurts in her pants while playing a video game. On top of that the two sons had asked and they all had gotten permission to wet their pants whenever they felt like for the remainder of the cruise which they immediately acted upon and soaked their pants...

This whole situation was bonkers.

Luna figured that by sheer coincidence they were seated together with other people on nearby tables that were all very comfortable with wetting pants, hell they were giving permission to their children to just go in their pants even when there's a toilet right there.

The father with the beard now joked, "If you enjoy peeing your pants now is the time, on this cruise it's for once allowed so don't hold back and properly soak those jeans young lady!"

And Luna could immediately tell, that's exactly what the girl planned. Without any hesitation she got up from her chair, stood next to it and spread her legs wide.

With a big smile on her face she confirmed "Okay!"

And just like that she completely relaxed her bladder and let it's contents flow into her pants. Her crotch was glistening from wetness while the wet patch was quickly spreading all over her jeans with pee cascading down her legs and in her shoes, it didn't take long for a puddle to start forming where she was standing. Her whole jeans was glistening with wetness all the way to her shoes.

Her mother started laughing while saying, "Haha look at what you did, she's completely soaking her jeans!"

Everyone started laughing and letting out chuckles hearing and seeing this scene unfold as the girl was creating a puddle where she was standing, even on neighbouring tables people were chuckling over it.

What happened next saw no one coming but made everyone laugh out loud, as soon as the little girl was finished peeing she challenged the big bearded man.

"Dad! It's your turn to wet your pants now!"

"Okay!"

And the father took the challenge like a true champ, he leaned back and let out a long "Aaaaaaaah", and started fully pissing his jeans without holding back, followed by hysterical laughter by everyone around them.

Just like the others, Luna's table was floored, they were wheezing over it, Selena had spit out her drink all over their table by accident while Chloe was already clutching her hands in her crotch, trying to hold back the flood but Luna could already tell it was completely useless. They were all laughing so hard over this scene and as predicted, within seconds Chloe was completely soaking her pants and seemingly had decided to stop fighting it as she spread her legs and letting her bladder empty in her pants and seat.

The man didn't stop his stream either, clearly he kept going all the way, soaking his jeans, seat and making another puddle on the ground underneath him.

"Honey I can't believe you're wetting yourself like that!" His wife said while barely able to keep herself together from laughing.

Luna felt herself being more cheeky than usual, "You made my girlfriend laugh so hard she pissed herself!"

Again followed by laughter as people realised there was a new puddle forming underneath Chloe her seat.

One of the woman on the big table was laughing even harder now, they quickly realised why as her husband suddenly pointed out. "Oh god honey, you're soaking your skirt!"

The woman was crying from laughter, clearly she couldn't stop giggling while clutching her stomach. Pee was streaming down from the hem of her skirt while she was trying to stop her stream.

"I couldn't hold it any more, it's just too funny!"

The woman regained control over her bladder but the damage was already done, her skirt seemed to be soaked from what Luna's group could see.

"Honey your skirt is ruined any way, don't bother stopping now!"

"Ah screw it you're right!"

Laughter erupted again as the woman now deliberately continued wetting her skirt, pee was pouring out of her skirt and making an entire puddle on the ground under her seat.

It was clear to anyone nobody was even in the slightest upset about wetting their pants right now, it was all innocent fun and everyone was laughing wholeheartedly over this hilarious situation.

There was a strange form of camaraderie starting to happen between their tables, who knew wetting pants could be a way of socializing with people!

The loud and heavy voice of the big bearded man could be heard across the tables, "Alright who's gonna wet themselves next?!"

Finally... everyone got their shit together and stopped giggling, after a while they all managed to get back into a normal conversation, although some people were doing that in soaked pants now.

Shortly after it seemed that the family on the opposing table, that thought that adults shouldn't wet their pants had changed their mind seeing other adults were wetting themselves on purpose... Luna could see how both the parents had in the end decided to skip the toilet and were now both sitting with a dreamy look on their face while they were relaxing their bladder and letting their pee flow in their pants. All while their children had a big grin on their face seeing their own parents were now doing the naughty thing as well!

Victory!!

"Damn those deserts look delicious, I definitely want a desert!" Chloe blurted out, completely ignoring the fact that the parents were in the middle of peeing their pants.

Luna and the others chuckled seeing how she was still focused on food like always.

Talking about food, the line had gotten a lot smaller at the buffet which meant it was their time to go...

Although before they got up Vicky shared a little something with the group.

"Seeing everyone being this casual about it... makes me think about something I've been wanting to do since forever."

Selena responded, "Like some dirty fantasy you mean?"

Chloe and Luna: "OOooohhh!"

Vicky waved them away, "Not really!... Well maybe, just something like earlier at Central Park, kind of, but maybe I should just do it."

Luna, Chloe and Selena all three started chanting in unison while keeping their voices down, "Do it, do it, do it, do it!"

"Alright I'm gonna do it!" Vicky said resolute,

Luna wondered what she was talking about... she could see how Vicky was getting goosebumps on her arms.

Vicky continued, "Ok time to go to the buffet then? Also Selena, pay attention!"

Luna wondered what she was gonna do knowing Vicky was usually her calm self but now she could tell she was a little fidgety and nervous...

Luna quickly learned why, as they all got up and started walking towards the buffet, which meant they had to cross the entire restaurant passing many tables and people. As they had started walking with Vicky in the lead they could all now see how one tiny streak of wetness was travelling down the inside of her thigh.

They watched in awe as one streak became two turning into more streaks and a few steps later Luna's group could see how Vicky was fully relaxing her bladder and was relieving herself in her jeans while calmly strolling through the restaurant. Passing tables left and right while her pee was soaking it's way down her jeans which slowly became completely dark and shiny, everyone could see how pee was cascading down her legs followed by wetness spreading over her butt while pee was dripping down on the carpet.

By the time they were halfway through the restaurant her pants got completely saturated with pee and were glistening in the lights of the chandeliers, all while leaving a trail of pee on the carpet as she walked towards the buffet.

People were stopping their conversations when they saw Vicky pass by, drawing all their undivided attention while she was in the middle of soaking her pants, all while walking with a certain confidence Luna and the group hadn't seen her do before.

People were surprised, giggles and chuckles quickly followed as they passed by.

With seeing this, Luna had even forgotten for a moment she herself was walking in soaked jeans, she couldn't keep her eyes of Vicky who was in the middle of openly wetting herself and completely owning the moment.

They kept following her while having a great view of her swaying butt that had a big wet still glistening patch plastered over it until they finally reached the buffet.

Still flabbergasted about what Vicky had just done, they tried to get their focus back to the task at hand, they were standing in front of the buffet and each took a plate when the first thing Vicky said,

"Holy shit I've never felt more alive!"

"Ok now that was amazing!" Luna and Chloe cheered,

Selena quickly added, "Excuse me for saying this but, that was ridiculously hot and sexy!!"

Luna and Chloe jokingly said in unison, "OOoooooh!!!"

"Ah shut up!" Selena and Vicky blurted out,

They started picking out their meat and vegetables from the buffet, there was a massive selection of food to chose from, it must be near impossible to try everything at least once without exploding, or at least that's what Luna thought.

Chloe: "Should I just pick one of each?!"

Luna, Selena and Vicky in unison, "How are you not fat yet??"

Each had gotten their selection of food together and they all got in line to wait for it to get cooked.

Selena was fidgeting a little when she brought up, "I really need to pee badly by now, but there are so many people. I don't think I can even hold it much longer, how do you guys have the balls to wet yourself like that."

Selena was now the only one of their group with dry pants, of course the vast majority of people that were sitting in the restaurant aside from the tables in their corner had all dry pants as they would just go to the toilet that was readily available, like normal people would.

Although while standing there in line they could overlook some other tables, most were adults seated with dry pants, some tables had families with children that noticeably took toilets more optional as some of the children had clearly wet their pants.

However, in contrast there was one big table with what seemed to be a bunch of friends sitting together and every single one of them was sitting in soaked pants. One of the girls was even sitting in a soaked skirt.

They were laughing over some joke one of them told, clearly they were having a good time.

One of the girls at the table suddenly raised her voice, "Oh I need to pee again..."

While still holding a glass of wine in her hands she froze...

"Aaah.... not any more!"

Their whole table laughed at how their friend just started openly peeing herself, it clearly wasn't the first time either.

Luna and the others could see how her pee was dribbling down in a puddle that was already there before. Rewetting her pants on the spot.

"I feel like they've been sitting there for a while already, just going in their pants." Chloe remarked, "This cruise is truly one of a kind! Alright I can't wait for the food, I'm hungry from hanging out in the pool!"

Meanwhile Vicky was talking into Selena, who was a tad shy about wetting herself in the open for everyone to see.

It didn't take too long and too much effort before Selena started to succumb as she really did need to pee, a minute later the first wet patch became visible on her crotch.

"Oh damn, the food smells nice!" Luna blurted out,

Selena let out a longer spurt, making her wet patch grow into the size of a baseball.

"Oh god I can't believe I'm doing this." Selena said in a high pitched voice.

While still standing in line with other people they could see how Selena's wet patch grew bigger again, this time she must've peed a lot more in her pants as the wet patch grew significantly bigger before she stopped her stream.

"The look on your face says it feels good!" Vicky chuckled,

Selena said with a shaking voice "It does..."

Luna could see the moment when Selena gave in, her shoulders dropped a little, a small sigh and the way how she parted her legs a little bit... a few seconds later they could all hear the hissing start... followed by Selena's jeans getting soaked from top to bottom, all while she had a dreamy look on her face.

"Why didn't you just go to the toilet if you're so shy about it?" Vicky asked curiously,

Selena was still midstream when she answered, "Because it feels so damn good!"

They all let out chuckles while agreeing, they were having fun while Luna was getting a massive kick out of standing in the middle of a busy restaurant in pissy jeans. The smell of their food that was coming their way was only making her feel even better.

When Selena was finished peeing they got the sign their food was ready, they all got back to their table and started happily munching on their food.

While Luna was eating she glanced to the big table next to her a few times and noticed the other people had now all wet their pants as well. The whole family was happily chatting while sitting in soggy pants.

Luna suddenly got a revelation.

"Uhm guys... did you notice?" Luna asked out of nowhere,

"What?"

"We haven't gone to the toilet yet all day and it's already evening!" Luna said while laughing,

They all laughed over the fact they hadn't gone to the toilet once today. They either peed in the pool or in their pants for the whole day.

"I don't think we'll go to the toilet to pee at all for the rest of the day to be honest!"

They all agreed while they enjoyed their delicious meal.

____________________________________

They all arrived at the entrance to the movie theatre but while passing by the entrance to the movie hall they got surprised by an employee standing in front of closed doors, he apologized for the inconvenience but said that the movie was slightly delayed as they still had some work to do in the movie hall. He did mention how it was possible to already check out the shop to get some snacks.

While walking towards the shop Vicky pondered out loud, "You think the reason it's delayed is because some of the seats can't dry up quickly enough? Even with this in build system, it must do a lot of work if people wet their seats over and over every screening."

"Makes sense, it's obvious more and more people are completely fine with just going in their pants." Selena added,

Vicky chimed in, "Last time I saw Peyton and she talked about her last movie visit, she was saying how almost everyone was constantly peeing in their seat during the movie, surprisingly she even admitted to hiking up her skirt and wetting her panties and seat as well."

"And what about Liv?"

"Uhm... Peyton said she missed about half the movie because she would go and find a toilet halfway through, two times." Vicky said while they all felt bad for Liv,

That idea wasn't too far fetched, after all Luna was planning to empty her full bladder in her seat the moment they would sit down, but knowing they would have to wait they probably would just linger around a bit in the shop, getting some free drinks and maybe some candy, they didn't get desert in the restaurant after all. (to the huge dismay of Chloe)

Her bladder was pretty full by now so maybe she could also relieve herself and re-wet her jeans while checking out the candy and chips. Yea that was a great idea!

As other people were also waiting to enter the movie hall it was clear other people have had the same idea and were all hanging out in the shop.

Luna quickly whispered in Chloe's ear, "I'm just gonna re-wet my pants for fun while checking out the shop."

"I was thinking the same thing." Chloe immediately whispered back,

It was crowded... people were hanging out around the soda dispenser, drinking from their cup and immediately refilling. People were just standing around chatting while their kids were busy with trying out every type of candy there was in the candy corner. (Everything was free after all)

Luna didn't change her plan though, she was standing by the stand with chips and let out a long spurt in her pants, enjoying the short dash of warmth that coursed through her panties. Her bladder was nearly full so she knew she could enjoy this for a while, so she did. Carelessly letting out spurts every few seconds, a couple more spurts soaked through her panties when she picked up a bucket of popcorn, her crotch felt nice and warm and every time it started cooling down she let out another spurt or two.

After checking the popcorn stand she looked at some candy but decided not to get any, meanwhile adding more wetness in her pants. Next she went to the soda dispenser where her friends were already drinking from their cups they already filled. She could see how Chloe was enjoying herself just like she had said it, the crotch of her pants were shiny, clearly she was peeing in her pants just like Luna!

While filling up her big cup the sound of the streaming soda was having an immediate effect on her bladder.

She felt cheeky and on a whim decided to not fight it and let it simply happen, she could immediately hear the hissing sound start when her stream hit the inside of her pants and engulfed her pussy in warm wetness, giving her fluttering feelings in her stomach.

Looking down she could see her crotch getting all shiny with wetness while it started to spread down her legs. She relished the warm sensation that washed over her. While filling up her cup and soaking her jeans at the same time there were people standing right next to her and behind her but she didn't care, there's a big chance they could see and maybe even hear her pee herself. Luna had to hold in a chuckle when the idea popped up in her mind that maybe they would think it's the sound of the soda machine filling up her cup instead of her peeing her pants.

Peeing herself in the restaurant was while sitting, so only the back of her jeans got soaked, but now the wetness streamed all the way down her legs and she loved the sensation.

Luna let her pee freely flow into her jeans for as long as she was filling up the cup, only when it was fully filled with soda she stopped her stream of pee, closed the lid and walked back to her friends in freshly soaked jeans when she could overhear the couple that had been standing behind her.

"Did that girl just stand here filling her soda while peeing herself?" A girl asked,

The boyfriend replied "Her pants are fully soaked so there's your answer, kind of funny to be honest."

"Haha I guess, I'm so not used to it that people are being so casual about peeing, even letting it run into their pants." The girlfriend explained,

Her boyfriend got a mischievous expression, "You said you needed to pee? Why don't you do the same like her, it's allowed after all!"

Luna joined her group while sipping from her big soda, acting like it wasn't at all unusual she was standing in soaked jeans. The others were having a conversation about how many people were actually wetting their pants by now.

"Guys this is getting crazy!" Chloe almost shouted,

Selena immediately followed up, "Look at the carpet even!"

Luna let her gaze go over the carpeted floor of the shop they were standing in the middle off, it was mostly obscured by the amount of people walking around but it was still clear there were wet spots scattered around the shop everywhere.

Just like Luna's group most people didn't seem to have a good enough reason to go and find a toilet right now before the film started, they were planning on wetting their pants during the movie anyway, all these people must have planned on not going to find a toilet in the middle of the screening either, and this was the result.

"Also, It seems like filling up soda and the sound it makes has an effect on people's bladder doesn't it?" Chloe said, pointing at Luna's soaked jeans.

Luna who was still sipping her soda nodded while grinning.

Chloe now nodded towards the soda dispenser, and not completely to their surprise they saw the girl from behind Luna earlier who was now wetting her leggings while filling her soda. The couple couldn't stop giggling while she was wetting herself and filling up her cup at the same time, Luna and her group couldn't resist a chuckle. The girl didn't stop when her cup was full though, she just kept going in her pants, adding one more puddle on the already stained carpet.

They weren't the only ones who were taking it easy today and just used their pants as toilets, in fact, it seemed they didn't stand out at all in their soaked pants. Now that they were standing in the middle of the shop and were letting their gaze go around Luna quickly saw more people that were doing it.

A group were standing a little bit further and she could see from behind how the black shorts of one of the guys was still dripping with what she assumed was pee.

Two girls about their age passed by while giggling, both with short skirts when she could clearly hear one of them say:

"I think I've wet these panties three times already this evening."

"Yea, this was my third as well!"

With a glance Luna could tell both their legs were still glistening from wetness.

A mother and her little daughter stood at the candy stall and it was clear the little girl had just wet her pants where the mother responded in a down to earth manner,

"Mommy also doesn't feel like going to the toilet right now, else we could miss the movie!"

A moment later Luna could see how the woman nonchalantly and without much hesitation started wetting her pants, which was hilarious to the little girl as she started laughing her ass off.

Suddenly she even recognized the family with two children from the restaurant earlier, just like them they were looking around the shop, it did look like they went to their room and had changed their clothes before coming here and had fresh dry clothes on again. On second glance Luna quickly noticed those fresh dry clothes weren't gonna last long for both the girl and the boy, from what she could see they were playing some sort of innocent game... in their pants.

The girl had just made a wet patch on her fresh pants while it looked like it was now the boy's turn, and a few seconds later a wet patch formed on his pants, Luna could see how the two kept taking turns just slowly wetting their pants while enjoying their self waiting for the movie hall to open.

Meanwhile Luna's group was getting through their soda's pretty rapidly so...

"Alright time for a refill." Selena announced, "Honestly I feel like a wuss for being shy earlier in the restaurant, nobody cares any more if you wet yourself..."

Everyone agreed and went to the dispenser to get a refill, Selena was first to put her cup under the dispenser and started to refill. At the same time she let out a long sigh, spread her legs and released her full bladder in her pants, but this time without any shame for people seeing her do it. With one hand she was pushing the button for the soda while her other hand was on her crotch, letting her warm pee flow through her fingers making some of it stream straight down on the carpet while the rest was getting absorbed in her already soaking wet jeans.

Her cup was full and the soda stream stopped, although Luna could still hear the hissing thinking it was coming from the soda machine, realising it was the sound of her pissing her jeans all along... she just kept going until her bladder was completely empty.

By the time Selena was done wetting herself and they all got their refill the game the two were playing in their pants had progressed quite a bit, both the girl and boy now had a big wet patch on their pants and it was the girls turn now.

This time it was a lot more than just a spurt, the crotch of her pants instantly turned shiny while pee started cascading down her legs, soaking her jeans in mere seconds, she shifted her stance, half crouched and leaning with her hands on her knees she relieved her entire bladder in her jeans right then and there. It started splattering on the ground while it seemed her brother felt like joining, he just stood there next to his little sister and completely soaked his pants.

Their parents now had noticed... and without missing a beat.

"Hey are you two almost done peeing? The doors are opening to the movie hall so we can go inside."

As Luna and her group were following the crowd through a narrow corridor into the movie hall, everyone was pushed closely to each other in a narrow space. The smell of urine filled her nose, there was no mistaking it, most of the people entering right now had wet themselves... maybe even multiple times.

And besides smelling it... it was very feint but surely she could hear it... the sound of a feint hissing.

Vicky was walking right in front of her, Luna her gaze went downwards and she got greeted by a glistening fresh wet patch on Vicky's butt, pee was cascading down her legs. Clearly she was in the middle of relieving a full bladder in her jeans, surrounded by people everywhere in the narrow corridor.

Somehow Luna knew Vicky had waited on purpose just to get a kick out of it because she knew there would be many people around her...

Luna her face was flustered this whole time, she was so turned on by wetting herself over and over again as well as seeing other people wet themselves left and right as well as seeing her own girlfriend enjoying it, the doubts she had in the morning about their nightly love making was completely gone by now... she was hoping so much that Chloe would be into more wet action tonight... she was already looking forward to it because she was horny as fuck. And just as she didn't think it would get any better...

They all sat down in their seats, Luna was sitting with Chloe on her side with an empty seat next of her. A girl came up to her and asked if the seat was free next to her, which Luna confirmed it was.

She was probably the prettiest girl that Luna had seen so far on the ship, she had deep blue eyes with blonde hair, a white top and short tight jeans shorts. It seemed like she was the kind of person that always had a permanent smile on her face, Luna also noticed how she couldn't be much older than herself.

The girl sat down with her boyfriend next to her and just a couple of seconds later Luna could hear her let out a long "aaaaah"

The girl spontaneously started peeing herself, turning her shorts in a much darker shade of blue and within a few seconds her pee was already pooling on her seat and overflowing. Luna couldn't keep her eyes off, this pretty girl was simply peeing her shorts right next to her.

In the middle of her relieving herself in her shorts and seat she turned to Luna again.

"I'm so sorry i really needed to go!"

Luna stammered and turned bright red, "U-um no problem really, I've wet myself as well, I uhm... do it all of the time actually!"

The girl let out a chuckle and continued to wet her shorts seemingly unfazed.

Luna got smacked on the head by Chloe, when she turned around she got greeted by a mean grin on Chloe's face.

"Hehe sorry."

They both laughed hard and kept giggling until the lights went out and the movie started.

Luna and Chloe held hands while watching the movie, both rewetting their jeans whenever they felt like it, only getting up during the break for a refill for their soda's.
