Hello Again, My Friend

Author: Short Shanks

*000*2012-09-12 04:24

So, I wrote this because I was dropping by the fiction forum and was like "why not?". There is not much wetting yet, but, that's because of the version. The way it'll work is that I will have two threads: One of which is from the friend "main character" and the other of which is a more scientific analysis of the portagonist. It seemed like fun, and I've been wanting to do something like this for a while. The wetting should never get too involved due to the nature of the characters, but we'll see how I can work it in there for you people. And then maybe work it out for other people who are not into it, eh?

Thursdays. Thursdays are always the worst, and I’m damned if I know why. Nothing really happens so differently on Thursdays than on other days, and yet it always seems just sooo much more awful.

That having been said, today was a Thursday. It was a pretty damn normal Thursday, too, in that it started with me in a white room. I hate this room. They always bring me here when I go to sleep, and it’s such a pain in the ass to get out of. I wish I knew why they do this….but I don’t even have the vaguest of clues. I’m not even entirely sure who they are….all I know is that they are cruel.

They ran some tests on me today….could have been worse, I suppose, but they never let me leave. They never let me do anything…it is up to me to let myself do anything, you know? I have to fight my way out of that damned room - today, I removed the hinges from the door using an edge of the bedframe I broke off – and then I have to try not be seen by these people, or they will run tests. I hate the damned tests. They do them even if I stay in the room…so it’s a lose-lose situation for me. I found the kitchens today…that was nice for a little bit, because it was unattended.

So they tested me today. I hated it. Blood work…exercise….I wanted to not be compliant, but I had to, you know? Or then I would have to do more tests…and I cannot fight them because they are all so much stronger than I am. Why must they be so strong? I hate it. I hate everything.

So they ran some tests on me today. They did not let me use the bathroom first…and it sucked. They never do….and I can never hold it when they are testing me. I was strapped to a table for the tests, and they weren;t even doing anything for a while….just looking at me…listening to me scream at them. It’s so nice to scream at them…so refreshing, you know? Like a coca-cola. I miss coca-cola…I wish they would let me have it.

They tested me again today. I hate it…I hate it so much. I peed all over their bed, though, and that was nice. Probably nicer than it should have been. I didn’t fight it very hard…I wanted to pee myself. When I do that…they generally unstrap me from the table, and then they give me new clothes and I can have a few moments away from the testing to change. But they are still watching me…always watching me. Am I really that interesting? Why must they watch me! Besides, I ruined their bed table, and it’s satisfying.

I hate Thursdays. Today was Thursday…and I hated it. I found the kitchen….I ate a bagel. I love bagels…I wish I had found a muffin, though, because muffins are better. I wish I could have stayed in the kitchen…it’s so comfortable in there. So warm. And the bagel was nice. I love bagels.

Who are you? They give me a pen and some paper, and they tell me to keep a “diary”. I think it’s stupid…I mean…I’m lactose intolerant, so I shouldn’t have diary, but they tell me to keep it anyways, so I do. I don’t even know what it is, but they did give me you to talk to. It’s weird that I have to write on you to talk to you, though, and it’s also weird that you never respond, but I do very much enjoy talking to you, so I think I will continue to do so. It’s so warm in here. I want a bagel. I like bagels. Do you like bagels? I can get you one from the kitchens if you’d like.

I tried to open the door with the bed again, but I could not find my bed. Or, really, anything else but you and this pen. I hate this room…I wish they would let me go back to the white room. Did I tell you about the white room? I must have. I hate that room. Why don’t they let me wake up here? I fall asleep in here. I think. Do I ever fall asleep? What is sleep anyways? Do you know? I wish I knew. I’m hungry. Hold on, my friend, I think they are here. If you don’t move…maybe they won’t notice that you are here.

