Living with my Principal

Author: lar

*000*2017-12-04 05:24

This is my first time writing in english and this sort of content. Wish you guys enjoy.

###

CHAPTER 1

Brandon oppened his eyes, his vision was blurred, the only thing he could see was a bright light above him that made him frown. For a couple of seconds he felt nothing, but then, an intense pain started to ascend on his whole body, his abdomen ache the most. He could not help but moan in pain. Brandon did not know what was happening, he started looking around, he was in some kind of white room, he was just too scared to think straigh, he started yelling in pain and distress. He saw a figure coming in his direction saying “Stay calm, i'm applying a new dosage of analgesic, you'll be fine! Just... Stay calm...”. Brandon confused tries to move but hes body just doesn’t awnser, he starts to feel dizzy and he’s body tingles... He fell asleep.

Brandon now is awake and aware that he’s in a hospital bed, he looks over and see his school principal, Jennifer, sleeping in the armchair next to his bed. Jennifer was an old friend with his mom, she always looked after him on school, “But... what is she doing here?”, “What happened?” Brandon kept wondering why he didn't remember anything. Suddenly Brandon feels a discomfort on his abdominal area, he unconsciously moans and wakes Jennifer. She looks scared, she gazes at Brandon in a mix of sorrow and worry. Brandon avoid her gaze and tries to straighten up, he just cant, his body cant move, he feels so weak... Jennifer come closer and hug him barely containig the tears, saying: “Im so sorry Brandon!! Oh my God... Im so glad you’re okay... Everything its gonna be alright, do you hear me?” She attempts to smile at him.

Brandon gets more confused, he interrupts the hug and asks: “W-Whats going on? … I don’t… I don’t understand, what happened?” Jennifer smile dissipates and she stares at Brandon with worry. “W-Where’s my mom?!” Brandon asks clearly getting anxious. Jennifer freezes as her face shows complete affliction. The pain in his abdomen starts to increase making Brandon grunt and contract his body.

“Oh, Brandon! Are you okay? Do you want me to call the nurse?” Jennifer stares with a mournful face “Just… Just wait a second!” Jennifer leaves the room in a hurry. Brandon still shrunken in pain, it was a pain right in the bladder. He didn’t know exactly what was happening, but the feeling was terrifying.

A nurse entered the room and right behind her was Jennifer truly concerned. Brandon lifted his head and glance the nurse approaching. The nurse looked at his prontuary and calmly said: “Brandon, I’ve already raised your analgesic dosage to the limit… I can’t give you anymore right now, but I’m gonna give your doctor a call so he can re-evaluate it, ok?” Brandon sighed and nodded. “In a scale from 1 to 10 how intense is your pain right now?” the nurse asked.

“mm..6, I guess…”

“Ok, I’m going to get Dr. Curtis here and we’ll try to lower that to make you more comfortable, ok? Hang in there”

Brandon tries to ignore the pain on his bladder but as soon as he realizes that he is with a catheter he gets way beyond uncomfortable, he starts to blush on embarrassment imagining a bag full of his piss the side of the bed. Jennifer still by the door apprehensive, Brandon stare at his principal trying to understand what happened, and trying not to think about the catheter. Jennifer gaze at him and Brandon asks: “Does my mom knows I’m here?”

Jennifer knew how close Brandon and Samantha were and that she was his only family… How in the world could she tell a 16 years old kid that his mother died in the car accident?! Jennifer approached the bed, with her eyes watering, grabbed Brandon’s hand and started talking very gently but with her voice trembling: “Brandon… The doctor told me that you could not remember, and that amnesia is very common after a trauma… and… You and your mom were in car accident, a car ran over yours in a crossing, he passed a red light in high speed and…” Jennifer burst into tears, Brandon was getting really anxious and scared “She didn’t make it dear… I’m so sorry…”

Brandon started to laugh at nervous while tears dropping out of his face. “No, no, no, no, no... That… That isn’t true!! I’m just dreaming, I’m just… I…” Brandon started hyperventilating and sob, his heartbeat rate started to increase rapidly in the monitor “I-It can’t be true!! It’s not… I’m not felling w…” Jennifer, terrified, screamed for help while Brandon vision started to darken until he fainted.

Brandon woke up and saw himself in that same hospital room, he couldn’t believe, he didn’t want to believe, he couldn’t even remember anything from the accident… He kept wishing that this was just a horrible nightmare. Jennifer realized that Brandon was awake and came to him. “Hey B, how are you feeling?”

She was still there… How many time has passed? Wondered Brandon “I... I don’t know…”

“Are feeling any pain?” Jennifer said putting her hand on his shoulder.

“I’m good” He said roughly. He just wanted to pretend that none of this thing were happening.

“I know it’s not the best time Brandon, but we need to have a serious conversation”

Brandon just ignored, looking away.

“I know this may seem advanced, but… You don’t have any legal guardians now…”

Brandon eyes started to water, he bit his lower lip.

“You are currently under the government custody, when discharged from the hospital you’ll be taken to an orphanage...”

Hearing that made Brandon desperate, he began to silently mourn. He could only think how could this happen?! This can’t be true!

“But i won’t let that happen B! I’ve known you and your mom for a long time, I would never let this happen to you, do you understand?”

Brandon was sobbing but he still couldn’t look Jennifer in the eyes.

“I already have a foster care license, wich make all of this way faster, and i’m taking care of everything so you won’t have to go anywhere, ok?”

Brandon, trembling, bowed his head and nodded.

Jennifer ran her hand into his hair gently. “I need to make a few calls, so, if you need anything, i’ll be in the hall.” Jennifer left the room.

Brandon wiped his tears with the back of his hands. He was decided not to think about it anymore, he had to be strong. But he couldnt help thinking about living with his school principal, even though she was a close friend of his mom, he just couldnt stop thinking how odd that could be. After sometime wondering, Brandon fell asleep again, he woke with his doctor entering the room saying: “Hello Brandon, I’m Dr. Curtis, how you feeling kid?”

“I’ve been better...” Brandon answered despondent

“I’m really sorry kid... I truly am” Said Dr. Curtis, a moment a silence took over the room.

“Well, i have good news. You only had minor injuries, the one thing that kept you here was the suspicious of a internal injurie on your abdomen aerea, but the exams results showed that you only have a very small lesion on your bladder, wich, despite the pain, should heal by itself... You were very lucky Brandon.” Dr. Curtis tapped his shoulder and said while he left. “I’m discharging you tomorrow”.

Jennifer knocked on the open door and entered the room. “So... i‘ve heard you’ll be discharged tomorrow!” She said with a hopefull simle on her face “And after a few calls... I’m authorized to take you home. You dont need to worry about anything, okay?.”

Brandon looked at Jennifer and said: “Thank you...” Brandon was trying really hard not to breakdown.

“Its okay sweetie... Just rest.”

A nurse came into the room holding a tray with two jell-o’s, an apple and juice, she greeted them and left the tray on the stand. She checked the monitors and made notes on his prontuary. “Everything’s ok Brandon? Any pain or discomfort?”

“No...”

“Good” She smiled. “Now... Since you’re awake and being discharged tomorrow, i’m going to remove the catheter, ok?

Brandon blushed right away, this was so embarassing, even more with Jennifer standing there by his side.

Brandon said with a low and shaky voice: “Y-yeah...”

Jennifer just looked away and said as she left the room: ”Ok... I’m going to give you some privacy so... i’ll be waiting outside.”

Brandon couldt look, he was so embarassed that he just stared the ceiling the whole time, he wasn’t even listening to what she was saying, he only heard at some point “may hurt” and then he felt the catheter passing by his urethra, he released a moan in pain. He tried to mask his blushed face rubbing his eyes.

“Ok, i’m done here.” She covered Brandon. “Now, i recommend you going to the toilet every 2 or 3 hours for reajusting your bladder without the catheter and since you had a bladder injury you may experience urinary urgency, lower bladder capacity and pain. Pay attention to some signs, if the pain increases, if you have fever or notice presence of blood in your urine seek medical help, ok?” She puxed the stand with the tray next to him and said: “Now eat something.” She smiled and left.

Brandon didnt feel like eating, he was just feeling like shit, trying not cry every 5 seconds... He heard the nurse talking to Jennifer on the hall, but he rather just turn and try sleep again.

When he finally falls asleep Jennifer’s hand touch his arm “Hey B, i didnt want to wake you up but its been 3 hours since... “

Brandon sits avoiding Jennifer gaze. “Y-yeah”. He starts to lift up from bed, but he almost falls, his body isnt 100% yet. Jennifer comes closer e tries to help holding Brandom by the arm. “I-I’m Fine!” Brandon shouts. Jennifer steps back. With some dificulty Brandon stand and starts to walk in the direction of bathroom. Suddenly he feels hot drips running down his legs. “Nooo, it can’t be....” Brandon thought to himself. Brandon tries to run to the bathroom but his legs are wobbling, he take two steps and then stumbles, falling in floor. His piss starts gushing making a puddle underneath him. As soon as he falls Jennifer run towards him to help, when she bended down she notices the yellowish puddle spreading on the floor.

“Oh Dear…”

Brandon shuted his eyes while biting his underlip trying to not exist in that moment. A tear dropped from his eyes.

“It’s okay, It’s okay… C’mon let’s get you on your fe-“

“P-Please... Just leave...” Brandon said sobbing

Jennifer grabbed Brandon by his armpits “C’mere...” she helped lift him up and walked him into the bathroom, leaving him under the shower holding the support bar.

Jannifer softly asked “Do you want me to call the nurse?”

“I can do it” Brandon said staring at the floor, he felt so humiliated…

Jennifer left the bathroom saying: “I’ll be here in the room, if you need anything…” Brandon just nodded.

Brandon took off his robe and and started to shower, he burst into tears and punched the bathroom wall a few times. He was a mess, how could he piss himself without even noticing that he needed to pee?! After 20 minutes of meltdown under the shower, the tears ceased, his hands were bruised from the punches and his eyes swollen. Brandon sighed and got into a clean robe that already was in the bathroom. He gets back in the room, the floor was clean and Jennifer was sitting the armchair texting in her cellphone. Brandon got back to the bed with his head down, avoiding any eye contact. He laid down on the bed, “Hey B… How you’re feeling?” asked Jennifer.

With a headache from all the crying, Brandon turned around and closed his eyes ignoring Jennifer, soon he fell asleep again.

Brandon woke up with the nurse setting things up for his discharge, he was feeling a little better but yet tired. A pinch in his bladder made him contract involuntarily. Brandon didnt want to wet himself again so he got up quickly and headed to the bathroom, he made it this time but when he started to pee he felt a sting in his bladder that really hurted, the flow was weak and ceased readly despite the fact that his bladder didn’t felt empty. Brandon just ignored and got back to the room. Jennifer was there with some folded clothes on her hands.

“I’ve got you some clothes, go dress up while i go sign the papers so we can leave.”

Brandon took the clothes. “Thanks...”

After he got dressed the nurse told him that Jennifer was waiting him in the reception, while walking to the reception Brandon felt so fragile, his body was so weak... He sighted Jennifer at the reception, she was giving him a conforting smile. Timidly he aproached her and she hugged him affectionately, he felt a little bit better.

“Ready?” Jennifer asked grabbing her car keys.

“Yes…” Brandon answered timidly with his head down.

In the car Brandon just glazed at the sky by the window most of the time. Jennifer knew that he needed time so she didn’t say anything. Brandon felt his bladder filling, he could not believe it. We just left the hospital, i peed, like, 10 minutes ago! This can’t be possible!! he tought. It’s ok… I can hold until we arrive… I just need to breathe… The car passed on a speed bump that made Brandon squirm. He was starting to get really desperate, Brandon started to cross his legs and squeeze. Jennifer noticed Brandon inquietude. “Hey sweetie… is everything ok?” Jennifer asked looking a little concerned.

Brandon gasped: “Yeah, sure!” He didnt want to tell her that he already needed to pee like, he was embarassed enough from the wetting on the hospital.

Jennifer tought that Brandon was just anxious about moving with his principal, she knew how teens were so she preferred not to bother him anymore.

Brandon couldn’t hold it anymore. He grabbed his penis attempting to hold it a little longer, but a few seconds later a flow started and he wasn’t able to stop it. He stared at his jeans staining with his pee and leaking on the seat. Brandon was mortified, trembling he puts his hand over his face, closing his eyes trying to hide his embarassment. He didn’t knew what to do, pee was drippling from the seat into the carpet on the car floor. Brandon froze, he barely could breath or open his eyes. Jennifer didn’t notice at first but then she saw by the corner of her eye Brandon squirming and putting his hands on his face. She looked at him and saw him trembling then she realized that his pants were soaked as well as the car seat. She gaped without knowing what to do. “Oh darling...“

Jennifer took a deep breath and gently said: “I-It’s okay, there’s no need to be ashamed B, the doctors said this could happen and...” Brandon kept trembling with his hand on his face. “We’re already arriving, ok? Don’t worry”.

Jennifer speeded up. She parked the car in the garage, Brandon was relieved that they finally arrived but he didn’t knew how to look Jennifer in the eyes, he was so ashamed of himself that he barely could hold his embarrassment tears. Jennifer unbuckled her seatbealt, got out, she opened the house door and looked at Brandon who stood still at the same position trembling. She opened the car door and bended next to him, grabbing his shoulder trying to reassure him. "C'mon B, it's ok. There's nothing to be ashamed of... let's get you inside, ok?.

Brandon took his hands off his face, clearly blushed and avoiding eye contact. "I-I'm so sorry... I don't know wha-"

"You don't need to apologize B! It was not your fault!"

Brandon sighed and got out of the car, he saw the soaked seat and he felt a twinge in his stomach of embarrassment. Jennifer was by the front door, he walked towards her with his head down.

Brandon wondered "How's gonna be from now on? Living with his principal and mom's best friend? Why can't I remember anything from the accident? What's going on with my bladder? Will I wet myself all time from now on?!"

*002*2018-01-29 07:57

I want to write more chapters but its a very slow process for me so... i don't know when the next chapter its going to be ready.

Send me feedbacks!!

CHAPTER 2

They got into the house, Jennifer showed Brandon the way into the guest's room and its bathroom. She handed him towels, a change of clothes and left the room. Brandon got into the shower, he felt so little, so helpless, he couldn’t hold his tears and started sobbing really loud. He felt so weak and exhausted that he just let his body fell slowly through the wall sitting in the shower and hugging his knees. He cried until he had no tears left. He was so confused, it hasn’t hit him that he was never going to see his mom.

Brandon got off the shower, got dressed and headed to the bed, he was feeling dizzy and a little bit nauseous. He laid on the bed and close his eyes, breathing deeply after a while he was starting to feel a little better. Then he heard Jennifer knocking on the door. "Brandon, you need to eat honey, come downstairs eat something, I made us lunch." She said through the door. Brandon didn’t feel like eating, he still feel a bit nauseous but he figured that eating might make him feel better.

He went downstairs and started to look at the house, he already been there when little with his mother, but didn't remember much. And when he got in before he was so embarrassed that he couldn't pay attention to anything but his wet jeans. The house was very clean and minimalist, with some touches of green with some nice plants she had around the house, it had a touch of modern to it. He got to the dinner table he couldn't look for more than a few seconds to Jennifer, he felt ashamed, he wet himself twice in front of her! A sixteen-years old boy!

Jennifer put a serving in front of him. Brandon started to eat slowly. Jennifer had a long breathe and said: "Brandon, I know this isn't easy but... I'm arranging things for Helena's funeral... You don’t have to do anything, me and some of your mom's friends are doing this already, but I didn’t want to exclude you from this... I mean, I have to ask you if you want to help with anything. But again, you don’t have to, okay?"

Brandon seemed to be really okay with all this. Jennifer though he was still on chock or something, she felt like Brandon was simply ignoring his feelings and trying to believe that nothing has ever happened.

She was right...

Brandon nodded and said: "I don't know... what can I help with?"

"Mmm... Do you know what's her favorite flowers?"

"She really likes gardenias..."

Jennifer noticed that he referred to her in the present, that made her heart hurt and acknowledge that it hasn’t hit him yet...

"Okay, perfect! Gardenias then" She said giving a little side smile at him.

They talked a little about the funeral, Jennifer didn’t want to pressure him no more with the subject.

"You should get some rest, the doctor said you still need to recover, if you need anything I'll be in my office, its the room next to yours"

"Okay..." Brandon said heading to the kitchen with his plate.

"Just put it in the sink sweetie, I'll clean it"

Brandon heard it but choose to ignore and clean it himself, he was used to help on the house cleaning.

He went upstairs looking around the house again, it all looked like a dream, he felt like all of this was a dream, it didn't feel real, he could almost laugh of it sometimes. His dizziness passed, but he still felt really tired, his body was very heavy and hi didn't understand why he was feeling like that.

As soon as Brandon laid down on bed he slept, heavily, waking up nearly 10 hours later. He still felt dissociated from reality. As soon as he got up he felt pressure on his bladder, he hurried to the bathroom. After taking a reliving piss he washed his face and got downstairs. On the board in the kitchen que read: "I'll b back by 5, theres food on the frigde, make urself comfortable" and her cellphone number under. Brandon explored the house, grabbed some food, washed his dishes, sat on the couch and watched some netflix, after a while he fell asleep again.

Jennifer came back, she was talking on her phone, she noticed the tv on with the netiflix sign "are you still there?" And Brandon sleeping on the couch. She got upstairs, grabbed a blanket and covered him. Jennifer was in a hurry, arranging thing for the funeral, all the legal parts of fostering Brandon and heritage stuff. She always did well on arranging and taking care of everything. She was a workaholic, often forgetting about her own needs.

She never needed to care of anyone other than herself... All of this was going to be a new journey for her. Jennifer was exhausted she didn’t have the time to grief yet, and hiding her feeling for comforting Brandon was making her very weary.

Jennifer was making dinner, Brandon got up, he took some seconds to understand where he was. He felt apathetic. Jennifer noticed him getting up and said gently "Hey B, dinner will be ready soon". He nodded, when he got up he groaned and squirmed, he felt that pain in the bladder again. Jennifer looked at him concerned and already getting closer. "Brandon? Are you okay?" Brandon straightened out "I'm fine, i'm fine... I just... slept in the wrong position..."

"Okay..." Jennifer said but kept her concerned look.

Brandon hurried to the bathroom, he knew he leaked a little, but he felt so apathetic that he didn't cared much about it. He felt a little shy walking around and going to the bathroom in someone else's house. He peed slowly attempting to suppress the noise, he always knew that he was a bit pee shy. When he came back Jennifer already was setting the table. Brandon promptly helped her. They ate quietly, Brandon could see that Jennifer was exhausted. Jennifer discussed the last details about the funeral that was going to happen tomorrow. She tried to be very sensitive about it, and to help Brandon deal with his feelings.

Brandon was apathic and Jennifer noticed. She knew that he needed time to assimilate everything. She already was talking to a psychotherapist due to the traumatic experience he had been through, she just didn’t want to overstep on anything right now. After dinner Brandon went to the guest's room and Jennifer to her office, working made her forget her grief and the fact that she was going to adopt her best friend's son, she certainly didn't feel ready to raise a teen.

Brandon felt a little bored, he didn’t have his computer or his cellphone, probably his cellphone was lost forever. He started to think about his friends in school, did they know? All of this felt like a dream... His memories were foggy and he felt light headed. He thought that he wasn't able to sleep anymore, he basic slept the whole day but yet he still feel tired. Brandon tried to remember anything from the accident, in his mind the accident had never happened... After a while he ended up sleeping again.

"Honey, Honey...I'm sorry to wake you up but I need you to check the address for me again on my phone, please. I think they sent me it wrong"

Brandon woke up with his mother voice, she was driving the car while gently touching his arm. After a few seconds really confused he realized that it was all a crazy dream! He felt greatly relieved. He felt like crying but he preferred to held his emotions by only giving her a big relived smile while getting her phone from her bag to check that address.

All of sudden all he heard was the sound of a huge rumble, his body was thrown back and all he heard after was a loud buzz in his head. He opened his eyes, feeling a huge pain in his abdomen, he groaned loud, as he regained his conscience, he looked for his mom desperately, the image of his mom dead by his side was too shocking, he froze, feeling really dizzy, out of breath, his heart pounding so fast that it hurt, he started pissing himself of shock, sobbing and screaming desperately, he felt like he was dying.

"Brandon! Brandon! Wake up!!"

Brandon woke in despair still in shock and sobbing, he was so frightened he couldn’t breathe. He didn’t understand what was happening, he just wanted his mom, like a little child waking up after a nightmare!

"I'm here, I'm here! It's okay B, you're safe. Just breathe... just breathe, I'm here" Jennifer hold him firmly trying to reassure him.

Brandon hugged her tightly, crying and trying to breathe. He realized, it wasn't a dream, his mom was gone!

"Calm down... calm down... I'm here for you... Breathe..." Jennifer whispered, caressing his back.

A few minutes later the tears ended his breath was normal again. Brandon felt his lap and legs warm and wet, he looked down and saw it. He wet the bed. That made Brandon almost panic again.

"I-I'm... so sorry... I just... I..." His eyes started watering, he frowned and covered his eyes.

"Sweetie, you don’t have to apologize, it happens, it's not your fault B. It's okay, it's okay... "

He sighed, his hands still in his face. "Go take a shower, relax, I'll take care of everything alright? There's some clothes on the first drawer" She ran her hand through his hair and left the room closing the door.

Brandon stood there for a while, ashamed. He gave a long sighed and got up, even his shirt was wet, he gazed at the bed completely soaked. His whole body hurt, he was exhausted and defeated. In the shower he chose not to think about what happened. He was wacked.

The bed sheets were gone and there was a towel on the bed. Jennifer came into the room "You can sleep on my bed, I'll be working until later on my office and there's a sofa-bed there" Jennifer didn't want to admit to herself but she slept quite a lot in her office.

Brandon got a little shy about sleeping I her bed after he wet his. "I-I'll sleep here, There's no need to..."

"Don’t worry B, c'mon" She said approaching, grabbing him by his arm and leading him to her bedroom. Brandon was truly embarrassed about everything but he felt so weak and fatigued that he just followed her dispirited.

"Now get some sleep. Call me if you need anything. Good night" She rubbed his back and left the room.

Brandon laid on her bed and slept right away. He blackout.

"Brandon, sweetie."

He opened his eyes, frowned confused. What happened? Where was he?

"We need to get ready for the funeral..."

He sat on the bed and came back to reality. The memories of what happened yesterday were foggy, he knew he panicked, cried like a little baby and wet the bed but didn't remembered clearly what he dreamed about. Jennifer was without any makeup, her hair was messy and dressed in a robe. He never saw her so like that before.

"Your suit is on your bedroom"

"My bedroom..." Brandon thought. He got up and went to "his" bedroom.

The whole funeral Brandon was with his head in the clouds. He was feeling like in a dream again, people would talk to him and give condolences and he felt like that whole thing was happening with someone else, not him. A few of his friends and their moms were there so Brandon stood with their friends, they were all sorry for him and very silent. No one would talk about anything, they were all pity and compassionate, that made him feel a little uncomfortable. His old friend Layla, a girl he basically grown up with because they were neighbors when kids and always studied in the same school, was there too. She wasn't living next-door to him anymore, they weren't best-friends no more but they see each other every day on school and still good friends. She didn't talk much either but she was truly sorrowful.

At first Jennifer was rushing around as always but at the burial she burst into tears, sobbing and hugging her friends who were also crying. She looked so strong to him, it was strange to see her so fragile. Brandon were just a spectator at his own mom's funeral, he was far in his head just watching.

On the car Jennifer with her eyes a bit swollen and her makeup a bit smudged said: "I got the keys to your house this morning... If you want, we can stop by and get some of your stuff..."

"Ok, I guess..."

"If you're not ready yet we don’t have to Brandon. I'm just suggesting that because it may be more comfortable for you have some of your things around for now. I can hire a cargo for us to get anything you want from the house to my place later, okay? We don't need to hurry"

"No, it's fine, let's go... I miss my laptop"

When Brandon got into the house he could smell his home... he could smell his mom... He was hit with so many emotions at once, he didn't want to feel them, he started to suppress all that horrible feelings and it was hard to control his emotions. He looked at his house, it wasn't his house anymore, he would no longer live there, all his memories, all his life were vanishing like sand escaping trough his hands and he could do nothing about it. He rushed upstairs trying to escape that feeling, he tried to be as fast as possible, the more he stood inside that house the less he could breathe. He grabbed his laptop, his videogame, his clothes and left. He almost fainted. Outside the house he started breathing really heavily, trying to regain his breath, he felt like puking. He squatted, put his things down and closed his eyes breathing slowly and deeply.

Jennifer saw Brandon's reaction and knew that it was a terrible idea. The boy was devastated and it was her fault, she should've known better. She sat at his side and hugged him. "I'm sorry sweetie, I'm so sorry..." That made Brandon feel better, he got up and said: "It's ok... Let's just... leave."

"Okay..."

Brandon went straight to "his" room and started setting his Xbox, he played for a couple hours trying to ignore all his feelings. Then he checked his facebook: lots of condolences, lots of fake people and... pics of his mom... He started looking at all his photos with her, all their moments together... She was everything to him... He started to panic, he wanted to go home, he needed to go home! This wasn't his home! He got up left Jennifer's house and ran, he ran to his true home in the middle of the night.

By the early morning Jennifer was reading to her office, she couldn't sleep much. She noticed Brandon's door open, she went check on him and saw the room empty. Her heart raced, she looked for him all over the house, Jennifer was getting desperate. She looked for Helena's house keys, they were gone, so she hopped into her car and hushed to Helena's house praying for Brandon be there.

When she got there the door was unlocked, she opened and saw Brandon sitting on the floor, two empty bottles of vodka and many broken things and it pieces on the floor. She felt so relieved that she found him, but greatly worried for him at the same time. Brandon was clearly drunk, he couldn't keep his head straight and babbling. Jennifer came over and sat by his side, she hugged him, saying nothing. Brandon was so mad, so frustrated, his bladder was bothering him and his drunkenness magnified all his feelings.

But when Jennifer hugged him, he felt so cared that he couldn’t hold his emotions anymore, it all hit him at once. His mom was gone forever, his house was gone forever and his life was never going to be same again. It was so painful! He never so much pain in his life, all that emotions that he was trying to hold were being released. He hugged her back, tightly and cried loudly. It was too much to deal, he collapsed. His bladder started to empty, soaking his clothes and forming a huge puddle beneath him and wetting a part of Jennifer's pants too. He peed a lot due to all the alcohol in his body, he didn’t even feel he was peeing he just sobbed for minutes.

Jennifer knew that after all he was just a child going through a lot, recovering from a very traumatic experience. She didn't mind the pee at all, she knew that she just needed to be supportive and she was actually glad that he was letting it all out.

Brandon ended blacking out, sleeping on her lap. The sun was rising.

"Sweetie... wake up..."

Brandon opened his swollen eyes, he was feeling very drunk. He clumsily got up Jennifer rapidly holded him by the arm, making sure he didn't fall. He stumbled to the car. Jennifer putted him into the seat and pulled his seatbelt, opened his window and headed to her place. Brandon was feeling very dizzy and very sick, his head was spinning and the was getting really car sick. He was so drunk that he only noticed his wet pants now.

"Jen-Jenny... I... I-I peed my p-pants..." He said slurring.

"It's okay sweetie, you can take a shower as soon we arrive."

"I-I-I sorry I... peed mm-myselff... I'v-ve been doing t-this a lot lately... a-a-and I'm ruining yo-your car seat"

"Honey, it's fine, don’t worry. You are doing great, okay? Now just rest, we're almost there"

"Thaanks Je-…"

Brandon quickly turned his head to the open window and started to threw up.

"Oh, B..." Jennifer ran her hand on his back while he puked. "It's okay, let it out... It's okay"

"I'm sorry..." Brandon said tearful

As soon as they arrived Jennifer walked Brandon to his bathroom and helped him take his clothes off, leaving him to take off his own underwear and shower. She left him pajamas and said: "If you need any help I'll be by door ok?"

Brandon was able, with great difficulty, to put his pajamas and lay in his bed.

Jennifer putted him on his side, and a bucket by the side of the bed. She watched him sleep peacefully.

*003*2018-01-30 17:12

Guy, i dont know how to edit my post again, but i made a mistake. On the first chapter Brandon's mom name is Samantha but on chapter two is Helena. i hope you do not mind. I'll stick with Helena from now on. Sorry again

*005*2018-02-24 05:29

{{On 31/01/2018 at 1:18 AM, The Shark said:

Dude.

This is amazing. Seriously. Like. Its amazing. I havent been on the site in a while and while I admit I came here looking for a quick sexy story, what I got was a short novel with small omorashi elements and an excelent story. I feel so bad for Brandon. From a fiction perspective its great! Im looking forwards so so so much to the continuation of this. My only request would be to have Jenny get a bit desperate too at some point :P but thats just my own personal omorashi tastes butting in.

}}

Thaaanks!! hearing that makes my day, really!!

I pretend to get Jennifer desperate too :)

*006*2018-02-24 05:32

{{On 04/12/2017 at 9:05 AM, Manowar said:

Nice written story, but very sad and traumatic. Although I am interesting of what will happen next.

}}

Thanks for the feedback. Its very important to me, it keeps me writting!

*007*2018-02-24 05:33

Hope you like!! <3

Give me feedbacks pleaseee!

CHAPTER 3

Brandon woke and felt terrible, his head was pounding and his stomach upset. He wished he blackout completely but he remembered everything that happened... He no longer was in a dream, he was back in reality and it hurt a lot, finally Brandon accepted, he was grieving. He cried a little with his head onto the pillow but his headache was getting worse, he got into the shower and stood there thoughtful.

Brandon was decided to move on, he knew his mom would want that. He had to be an adult, he had to move on!

Brandon went to the kitchen get some water, he really needed to hydrate, he was still very shy to walk around Jenny's house. He noticed she wasn't there, while drinking almost a liter of water he thought: "This is my house now too... I have to be comfortable here now, I need to be mature and embrace my new life!"

Brandon started walking confident around the house, exploring every corner. He was starting to like there, it was tidier than his old house. He looked at his bedroom, it was bigger than his old one, but it needed a few changes to make it truly "his" bedroom. Brandon played video-game the whole afternoon, sometimes he would feel a bit sad and start to think about the things he never had the chance to say to his mom and all that kind of stuff but he knew that he had to stay away from that thoughts, he read it online. He was regaining his confidence again, he wasn't feeling like an abandoned puppy anymore, and he had to keep that state of mind to move on.

Jennifer entered the house and heard Brandon cursing on his videogame, she wasn't used to have some teenager cursing on her house. She ignored and started to make dinner, the videogame volume was very loud, witch really bothered her. Brandon didn’t even notice she was in the house.

Dinner almost ready, Jennifer came upstairs to call Brandon, by the door she had to almost scream to get his attention.

"Hello?!!"

"Wow, I didn't know you were here..." Brandon said a bit surprised.

"Turn that off, dinner is ready"

"Ok, I'll just finish thi-"

"Now." Jennifer said harshly.

Brandon looked away a little bewildered and turned it off.

Jennifer went downstairs thinking that maybe she was a little hard on him.

An uncomfortable silence at dinner. Than Jennifer started to talk

"So... I was talking to a really good psychologist that I know and... I made an appointment for you on Monday... With the all changes and everything, I think you may need a little help to cope with all that."

Brandon grinned

"Thanks, but... I think I'm ok"

"But B..."

"Seriously, you don't have to treat me like a baby, ok? I can make my own decisions and I don’t think I need that."

"It really was a wise decision to drink a whole bottle of vodka and pee yourself..." Jennifer thought but preferred to stay quiet, she was really tired and didn't want to start arguing with a teenager. Instead she took a deep breath. After dinner Jennifer started to watch TV and Brandon went to his room.

Jennifer was mentally exhausted, she wasn’t used to have to deal with all that teen hormones in her house, she wanted to apologize. Later she started craving for a bubble tea, she loved to drink that while working late. And it was a great opportunity to go out with Brandon and make things less awkward after dinner.

"B! Lets go out!" She said downstairs

"What?!" Brandon didn't hear it right

"Come make me company to the Boba Guys!! Let's go grab some bubble tea!"

Brandon never drank bubble tea, he thought it was just some overrated hype.

"Pleeeeeaasee!!!"

Brandon sighted

"Ok... Just wait a minute"

"Yaassss!!"

Brandon laughed with her reaction.

At the car Jennifer asked: "Guess who I found near our neighborhood today?"

Brandon was on his phone texting their friends, he faked interest and answered: "Who?"

"Layla! Your friend form school, remember? I discovered she lives 3 blocks from our house"

Now he faked he had no interest.

"Nice..."

Brandon actually was really happy to know that, he missed their friendship and she was very cute too.

On line to get the bubble tea Jennifer and Brandon talked about school. Brandon wanted to return to school soon, he told her that It would make him feel better, going back with his routine being around his friends etc. Jennifer agreed, she hasn't returned to her routine at school either. They got their bubble tea and walked towards the exit.

Brandon took a sip and truly enjoyed.

"Damn, this is dope"

Jennifer gave him a disapproval look.

Brandon choke back a laugh.

Suddenly they heard a loud bang on the parking lot.

Jennifer gasped getting a little scared, then she saw that some men accidently dropped a bunch of metal tubes of some structure on the floor. She smiled in relieve.

"Can you believe I got scared? Haha-"

Jennifer looked at Brandon and saw the boy frozen, a terrified look in his face, trembling and tears starting to flood his eyes.

"Brandon?! Are you ok?? B, answer me!"

Brandon was hyperventilating, he was so scared, all his bad memories came back and he was in shock. Brandon was all alone in the dark hearing the car crash, seeing his mom again and again, it was disturbing. He didn't understand it! It was so real!

Then a warm feeling came over his body, slowly he could hear Jennifer's voice.

"I'm here, I'm here sweetie..."

Slowly he recovered his breath and started getting back to the reality. They were next to the Boba Guys door, his Boba Tea was on the floor, Jennifer was holding him, caressing his back and talking softly. Brandon looked at down and saw a medium pee stain in his pants, he peed his pants again! He felt so scared that he didn't even notice! He felt like fainting, his legs were giving up. Brandon heard Jennifer calling for help, some people around tried to help grabbing a chair and holding his body. He fainted.

A couple minutes later Brandon was awake, he didn't remember exactly what happened he was very confused, there were some unknow people looking at him really worried. Then he saw Jennifer and felt relived, seeing a familiar face made him feel safe.

"Sweetie, are you ok? What happened??" Jennifer said putting her hand in his cheeks looking really worried.

"I... I don't know... I just"

"Are you hurt??"

"No, I'm ok I-" Brandon noticed the stain in his pants and those people looking at him. He blushed right away, his memories started to come back a little foggy, he straightened up and crossed his legs trying to mask the stain. He gazed away from everyone eyes.

"Can we just go back to your house?" He almost whispered

Jennifer noticed Brandon's embarrassment and nodded.

"Ok, just take it easy" Jennifer said helping Brandon get up.

"Thanks for your help! Everything is fine now, thank you very much!" Jennifer said trying to dissipate the attention from Brandon.

Brandon tried to hide his accident with his hands and walked towards the car with his head down. Jennifer escorted him.

It was absolutely silence on their way home, then Brandon said, gazing outside the car window.

"I... Maybe I should go on Monday..."

Jennifer looked at Brandon she was worried but happy for hearing that.

"Ok" She knew it was a sensitive subject.

Jennifer handled him her Boba Tea. "Here, take it. I had enough of it"

"Thanks" Brandon smiled, he felt grateful for having her.

Back in the house Brandon went take a shower, his body was sore and he felt exhausted. Did I had a panic attack? What was that? Maybe I should go see a doctor... I'm pissing myself almost everyday wtf!!

After shower he laid on bed and received a text from Layla.

L: "Principal said we're neighbors again ?"

B: "Yeah.. I still cant believe Im living with her" Brandon answered

"That must be scary"

"Idk..Its just different"

"shes nice"

"you&#39;re being so strong, I cant even imagine what its like"

"Im here if u need anything, ok?"

"Tks Layla, its nice to have u around again ?"

They texted for a while, Brandon felt unburden talking to an old friend. He heard the same words from his others friends too but somehow he felt a bigger connection with Layla, they knew each other for a long time.

Brandon was walking on the street he saw Layla coming.

"Hey Layla! What you doing around here?"

"Nothing actually, just heading home, you?"

"I'm going to Boba Guys, have you ever tried Boba tea?"

"No, what is it?"

"Come with me! It's dope, you're gonna love it!"

"Okay! Let's go"

Brandon and Layla were talking on their way to Boba Guys when suddenly Brandon heard a low voice.

"Brandooonn.... heeelp meee"

Brandon looked at the alley and saw his mom lying on the floor bleeding, Brandon rushed towards her crying when he realized he was now in the car wreckage, in pain and with his mom dying by his side.

What's going on??? HEEEELP!! HEEEELP!

Brandon woke sweeting and crying and trying to regain his breath in silence, he didn’t want Jennifer to calm him down again he was a grown boy. Brandon took a little longer than he expected to calm himself down and get back to reality. He was still scared and his heart racing, Brandon noticed he wet the bed. Again.

He was so frustrated, he started punching the wall and crying quietly biting his lip.

"Why.... Why is this happening to meee??" Brandon said almost inaudibly

"Fuck, fuck, fuckkk!!"

Jennifer was listening to music with earphones and didn’t heard Brandon distress, but after a while she noticed the knocks on the wall, she took off her earphones and heard Brandon's punches. She thought for a second if she should interfere and decided to go check on him.

Brandon heard Jennifer's door open. He took a deep breath and looked at the soaked bed, he bit his lip trying to figure out how to hide that from Jennifer.

Jennifer knocked on the door and said softly "B, is everything okay?"

Brandon rapidly grabbed a blanket on the closet and laid back in bed covering his mess with the blanket.

"Y-yeah, I'm good." Brandon answered nervously

"I'm going in..." Jennifer said while slowly opening the door.

She looked at Brandon with his lap covered with the blanket and with a very suspicious face. She got it

"Oh... Ok, sorry. I'll just leave..." She started closing the door.

Brandon didn’t understand what she meant with that.

"I'm ok with all that, its super natural, mostly at your age, and I don’t wanna be a buzzkill but... Just please, try not to make so much noise, ok?"

Brandon blushed like a beet. ---Whaaaaat????!!!! She thought i was...????!!! NOOOOO!!!!---

"NO!! ITS NOT L-" Jennifer close the door and left

"FUUUUCK!" Brandon slapt his face

