Summer with Snape - Page 2

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*026*2011-12-18 23:38

Chapter 5

*Dream Sequence*

Harry was walking through a forest, he had no clue where he was or where he was headed. The only clue he had was to follow the river, he had read somewhere that when your lost you can always find your way home by the river. He was really relaxed; he had never felt such peace and a part of him didn’t want to leave. The other part of him was making itself known the longer he ignored it. While the water was leading him in the right direction, it was also doing things to his bladder. Since he was in the forest his didn’t have any problems with peeing on a tree, after all he was a boy.

Not wanting to risk wetting his pants here when he didn’t have to, and since he didn’t have to worry about asking anyone he headed for the nearest tree. When he got to it he struggled to unbuckle his belt and trousers, and he freed himself. He sighed in relief as he let go, it was pouring out of him and he didn’t even know he had to go that bad. As he was peeing he felt his trousers getting warm, and he looked down to see if he had accidently sprayed his self but he was dry. He ignored the feeling in favor to finish peeing, but it seemed like he would never stop.

Harry awoke with a gasp; he could feel the wetness soaking through his pajama pants as he continued peeing. He tried to grab himself to stop but he was too far gone, and all he ended up was soaking his hands with pee. He couldn’t believe he had wet the bed, and at Snape’s house no less. What if the man found out, what would he do to him? He tried not to cry, but the tears ignored him and it was all he could do to keep the whimpers at bay. What was he going to do now? He finally finished and by that moment, the bed covers, the mattress and he himself were completely drenched in pee. He tried to stifle a sob but he couldn’t hold it in, he was 12 for Merlin’s sake, and 12 year olds did not wet the bed.

He slowly got out of bed he did not like the way his pants were sticking to him, not to mention the pee was getting cold, and itchy. Trying to quiet his cries, he tore off the covers wondering if the man had a house elf. Not really thinking it would work Harry softly whispered to the air;

“House elf?”

He jumped when a house elf appeared out of the blue in his room, he didn’t actually think it would work. But now that it had he wasn’t about to spend any longer in his wet clothes then he had too.

“Young Master Harry called Tigger, hows may I helps you?”

“Hi Tigger, I wet my bed, do you think you could help me?” Harry asked red-faced with tears still running down.

“Of course Young Master, Tigger wills be right back with yous clean sheets, and clothes.” Yous should go take a shower while Tigger cleans this mess up.”

“Ok, I will and thank you Tigger,” Harry replied a tiny smile gracing his face.

“It’s Tigger pleasure Young Master,” He replied before popping out of the room.

Harry grabbed his stuff he couldn’t believe his luck, he only hoped that the shower wouldn’t wake Snape up. He glanced at the clock, it was 3:00am and Merlin knew he couldn’t explain what happen without making more of a fool of his self to the man. He was actually kind of happy for a moment, glad that he wasn’t about to get caught. He stuck his head out the door, and when he saw that it was clear he sprinted to the toilet. He turned the handle but it was locked, why was it locked?

“Potter, I’m in here go use the other one.”

Harry stared wide eyed for about 3 seconds before sprinting to the next loo. He quickly threw off his clothes and got into the shower. Taking his specialty showers like he was back at the Durselys he was clean and washed in the next 5 minutes. When he got out the shower, he saw that his wet clothes were gone and replaced with new clean pajamas. They were warm when he put them on and he walked back to his room, hoping that he wouldn’t run into Snape. He didn’t and Harry got back into the bed, and laid down. A part of him was still tired but another part was afraid of falling asleep because he could wet again. He soon nodded off an hour later, and when Snape came into the room to wake him up for breakfast he was happy to note that his bed was dry. In the morning hours it was easier for him to pretend that nothing happened.

“Did you sleep well last night Mr. Potter?”

“Yes sir I did, did you sir?”

“I slept well.”

“Good to know sir,” Harry replied before turning back to his food.

“What are your plans today?”

“I don’t know, I was hoping I could fly my broom in the yard. If that’s ok I mean?”

“You can, just make sure you pay attention to the boundary line for the wards. Ignoring them will send you with a nasty warning shock, so you should be careful.”

“Oh ok, and yes sir I will.”

After breakfast Harry worked a little on his homework, he didn’t want the man to ban him from flying and he knew he would if he didn’t do his work. By the time lunch came around Harry had yet to fly, but on the bright side he had finished both his History of Magic essay, and Charms essay. Tomorrow he would work on the other assignments but as of right now he was finished with work. He headed down to the kitchen for lunch, and enjoyed the puzzle look the man had when he emerged from up the stairs instead of outside.

“I thought you were going to be flying today?”

“I am, but I just wanted to start my summer homework. That way once it’s done I can have more free time.”

“Hmm...is there a reason you don’t think like this while we are in school?” Severus asked, he would never admit it to the child but he was indeed impressed.

“Well school is different sir,” Harry replied before taking a bit out of his sandwich.

“Which assignments did you finish?”

“Charms and History of Magic sir,” Harry answered.

“Good, at this rate you can be done by the time the week is over.”

“I hope so sir,”

“What were your plans after lunch?”

“I was going to go flying, I mean if that’s still ok?” Harry asked through his fringe.

“My answer is the same just pay attention to the wards like I said.”

“Yes sir,”

Harry finished his food and excused himself to his room where he got his broom and headed outside in the back yard. He wished he had a snitch to play with, but once he was in the air it didn’t matter anymore, he was free. When Snape called him for dinner, he had this enormous smile on his face and he was sure that nobody would be able to destroy. He was right, not even Snape’s sneers made him unhappy, and he went to bed that night feeling good.

Harry was walking through the forest again, and following the river like before, only this time he knew that he should not pee here. Not if he wanted to wake up in a wet bed, and he didn’t. The urge got stronger every passing minute and finally remembering something he had seen on the telly, he pinched himself.

He woke up rubbing the sore part of the arm, maybe he shouldn’t have pinched so hard. The clock read 1:30am this time, oh well he got out of bed and headed to the toilet, he opened the door and walked in. As he was heading to the toilet, he suddenly felt wetness spread all down his legs and he looked at the floor in shock, he was wetting himself in the loo. How could this have happened? What was going on with his body? He didn’t want to call Tigger again, he was embarrassed enough besides he was in the bathroom, and it was so much easier to clean up. Trying to stop the flow of tears, he angrily swiped at his eyes; he was tired of crying too. He reached down to look into the cabinet to check to see if Snape had any cleaning supplies, he saw a bleach cleaner and he looked around for a sponge there wasn’t one. He had contemplated using his own towel, but then he remembered it was in the other loo, and not the one he was currently in.

He stepped across the tiles to grab the toilet roll and slipped on the foot of his pants causing the bottle of cleaner to fall, and him to knock into the wall. He instantly froze, he knew he was loud he only hoped Snape didn’t wake up from his noise. He strained his ears for anything but found no disturbance that his Professor was up. Reaching for the bottle on the floor, he quickly grabbed some tissue and was about to start mopping it all up when he heard a knock on the door. He stilled instantly and tried to sound as normal as possible, which wasn’t all that great considering he was still crying.

“Potter what is going on in there?”

“Nothing sir, I’m just using the loo.”

“What part of the loo are you using to make that much noise?”

“Just the toilet sir,” Harry replied trying to casually mop up the pee. Trying to be careful proved pointless because he knocked over the bottle again.

“That doesn’t sound like your using the toilet Potter, again what are you doing?”

“Nothing sir,” Harry replied frantically hoping the man would take his word for it.

“That doesn’t sound like nothing, I’m coming in Potter.” Severus replied turning the handle.

“No Professor don’t, please don’t come…” Harry trailed off in horror as he teacher stood with his arms crossed in the doorway.

“Potter it is the middle of the night, what do you think your do…” Severus broke off the rest of his sentence when he took a good look at the child in front of him.

The floor beneath the boy was wet, and had it not been for the color he would have assumed it was water. But he knew it wasn’t even without the smell giving it away because the boy’s pants were also wet in the liquid. He sighed quietly to himself, just his luck he had to come see what the brat was doing. The boy had his head down but hearing the sniffles come from that direction he had no doubt that the boy was crying.

“What happened in here Potter?” Severus asked before pulling out his wand to banish away the mess.

“I don’t know sir,” Harry stated unhappily.

“I think you do, just tell me what happened so we can get you cleaned up and back to bed.”

“I woke up because I needed the loo so I walked to the toilet. But when I was almost there it just came out, I don’t know why it did. I’m really, really, sorry sir,” Harry finished gasping on his sobs.

“It was an accident Potter, and it’s not your fault,” Severus murmured tiredly. He was so not in the mood to deal with a crying child, not this late in the night.

Severus waved his wand towards the boy who tensed and then relaxed when he realized that all it did was clean him up and add a freshening charm. Putting his hand on the boy’s shoulder he led him back to his room. He put the boy to bed and tucked him in, ignoring the quiet cries of the child. Conjuring up a towel he wiped the tear streaked cheeks of the boy and gently brushed the messy hair back from his forehead. What the heck was he doing? Shaking his head and blaming it on being deprived of sleep, he turned off the light and went back to his room.

Harry laid there in the darkness wondering if that was really Snape, or was it an imposter. If it was really his Professor, then why was he being so nice to him? He actually tucked him in, and wiped his tears away almost like what a dad would do. He even played with his hair; Harry only hoped that maybe Snape would get a chance to do it again. He enjoyed pretending to be someone else’s child. Snape took care of him when he had an accident just like a real parent would do, would his Professor only care then, or does he really and truly care for Harry?

I hope you guys like it

*030*2011-12-19 23:38

{{:

Its an awesome story,keep updating!

}}

Dont worry I will. I'm having a blast writing this

*031*2011-12-20 02:15

There is no wetting in this Chapter as well, I didnt have it in my heart to hurt Harry anymore then I'm already doing lol, This chapter is setting up the next few chapters so.. it was also needed, in case you guys havent noticed this is a Sevitus/guardian type story, never written one with Omo in it so I appreciate all your reviews for telling me how I'm doing. Anyways on to the story...

Chapter 6

For the next 2 weeks Harry wet his bed everynight, it got to the point where he didn’t even need to call Tigger, the house elf already knew to come. It was tiring and he was passed humilation but he wouldn’t tell Snape. What would that solve? Every morning was a struggle to get up, because after he woke up and changed the bed and sheets and clothes, he never could go back to sleep. He was always afraid that he might wet himself again, and when Snape came to wake him up the man would find out. Harry was a walking zombie and he hoped the man hadn’t noticed. He slowly trudged downstairs to the kitchen where he was trying to prevent himself from falling asleep face first in his eggs. He was so tired and could barely think straight that when Tigger came out to give Snape his coffee he spoke to him.

“Good morning Tigger,” Harry tiredly said.

“Hello young master Harry,” Tigger replied.

“Potter, how do you know my house elf?”

“Tigger my friend, he helps me sir,” Harry answered nodding off.

“How does he help you? Potter be careful before you knock over your plate.”

“Sorry sir, may I be excused?”

“No, you have barely touched your food. Finish your plate like usual and then you can leave.”

“Yes sir”

Severus watched the boy struggle to stay away and finish his food to no avail. When he looked up from his paper, he saw that Potter had fallen asleep face first in his food. What was wrong with the child? Was he sick? Was he not getting enough sleep? He didn’t know what was going on with the child, but he figured Tigger might know.

“Tigger, do you know why Mr. Potter is so tired?”

“Yes sir, he’s waking up every night.”

“He’s having nightmares?”

“No sir, he’s having…” Tigger trailed off. He knew that young master Harry didn’t want his Professor to know, but he was alsot Tigger’s master.

“Tigger, what is it? If it’s something important I have to know, so I can help him.”

“Tigger cannot say, young master made me promise not to tell you. But it’s nothing bad, he’s just very embarrassed to tell you.”

Severus pondered what that could be for a second before he dismissed the house elf. Albus wanted him and Potter to get along this upcoming year, and had suggested that he take the boy some place to have fun. Severus didn’t have a problem with that, after all in the past 2 weeks the boy hadn’t got into any trouble, not to mention he was stuck in a house with only his Potions Professor. As loathe as he was to admit it the child deserved a break. Feeling a strange feeling in his chest as the thought of spending time with the child, he passed it off as indegestion before telling Tigger to pack a lunch and, and put it in the car. He then went to Potter’s room and attempted to pack his clothes.

Attempted was the key word, because everything in the boy’s trunk was rags, how hadnt he noticed this in the past few weeks? Scrunching his face in disgust he just decided to buy the child some new clothes on the way. He packed the boy’s photo album just in case, knowing how sentimental children could be, before he went and got his own things. He headed back downstairs where Potter was still asleep, only Tigger had removed his plate from his face. He picked the boy up, shaking his head at the child’s weight, before walking out to the car. Laying the boy across the backseat, he buckled him in and got into the drivers seat before he headed down the highway. Every once in a while he would glance in the rearview mirror to check on the boy.

Harry woke up slowly, he felt so rested, and for once he was dry. He smiled softly to himself before he realized he was moving. Opening his eyes, he saw that he was once again back into the car. Where were they going? And more importantly how long until they arrived there? Harry happened to look up at the same time Snape glanced in the mirror, and quickly turned away to avoid all eye contact with the man.

Severus knew that when the boy woke up he would need the loo, nearly everyone did. He saw that an exit was a 2 miles away and he planned on stopping there, so no accidents could occur.

“Where are we going sir?”

“Oh we will be spending the week at a hotel where you can experience firsthand the muggle entertainment experience.”

“Oh, like what kind of things,” Harry asked ignoring the dread in his stomach that he would probably end up sharing a room with his teacher. How was he supposed to hide his bedwetting then?

“Amusement Parks, football games, camping trips, I havent fully decided yet. Was there anyplace that you were intrested in?”

“No sir, anything is fine with me.”

“Good to know Potter, we will be stopping in a little bit, so put your shoes on.”

“Yes sir, how long is a little bit?”

“About 10 minutes, or is that a problem?” Severus asked resisting the urger to sneer.

“No sir, that’s fine, thank you,” Harry replied gratefully.

When they pulled off the roadway Harry although confused, said nothing. Since when did Snape actually listen to him? They stopped at a petrol station where Harry went in and used the loo before they took off again. He found the quietness of the car not uncomfortable like one with think being in the car with his most hated Professor. Ron would never believe him if he told him that there was just something calming about the man’s presence. He always felt so protected when he was near the man, he relished in that feeling.

Harry didn’t know when they were stopping at their destination and since he had no pressing needs he was content enough to stay silent. He ate a bit of food from the basket, forgoing the drink knowing that he would probably be going to sleep again. Laying down on the seat once again, he fell asleep to the soft humming from the man in the driver’s seat and the wind through his hair.

*032*2011-12-20 02:26

{{:

I think it's great :D Thanks for the short wait between updates - I might love you for it. And snape is maybe a little ooc, but not enough that it bothers me. Beside, I don't think his original character would function at all in a omo story xD

}}

Cool, I'm glad your enjoying it, no problem.

{{:

I am really liking this story. I don't know about Snape's character, but that must mean you are doing a good job with it, because his character mystified me in the first and second movies too.

}}

Thanks for reading, and glad you like it

{{:

I love how often you update <3 so fantastic! This chapter rocked! Poor Harry )':

Keep up the great work!

}}

Yea..poor Harry, I feel kinda bad for him...but not enough to stop lol...

*035*2011-12-22 00:48

Sorry I didnt update yesterday, was way to tired to post, Umm if you havent noticed every other chapter has a type of omo, the chapters in beetween are there because they need be. Although some might have a bit of desperation, just because lol...I dont want to keep putting up warnings and stuff call me lazy, but I dont care at the moment, work is killing me lol.

Chapter 7

Harry awoke to a gently rocking motion and he slowly opened his eyes to see what was going on. He eyes widen in shock, but apart from that he had yet to move, he was in his Professor’s arms. Why was the man carrying him? Oh well, he wasn’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth, and he closed his eyes and pretended that he was still sleeping. When they arrived to their room, the man gently laid him on the bed before he felt a sensation and he was now in pajamas. Letting the man tuck him in, he softly sighed contently as the man carded his fingers through his hair.

“Sleep well child,” the man whispered before walking away and shutting the door.

Harry sighed again, wanting to savor the moment a little bit longer. But he knew he had to get up soon, if he accidently fell asleep before he had a chance to use the loo again, anything could happen. This week he was going to take extra precautions so the man wouldn’t suspect a thing. He wondered if it would be possible to call Tigger from here, but then dismissed that idea. A house elf’s pop would definitely wake the man up, and he did not want that, guess he was on his own. He got up and stood in front of the door to the toilet, but he didn’t knock this time. He didn’t really want to disturb the man but it wasn’t like he could wait the entire time, knowing his luck he would fall asleep the minute the man exited the loo. He sighed again, what was he going to do?

“Do you need to use the loo Potter?”

Harry startled badly and would have fell head first into the door if a hand hadn’t caught him. He turned around, what the hell was the man doing behind him? Wasn’t he supposed to be in the shower? Harry said nothing; he knew the confusion was plain on his face for the world to see, with great effort he managed to pull his expression to that of boredom. The man’s eyes narrowed, apparently he saw straight through that.

“Is it locked Potter, why are you waiting out here?”

“You weren’t in the room, so I thought that you were in the loo. I didn’t want to disturb you like last time, so I was going to wait.”

“That was completely unnecessary you foolish child, for we both know what happens when you have to wait for the loo.”

Harry blushed and ducked his head in shame, and once again he was reminded why his Professor could never know about his nighttime habits. He would only make fun of him; he was just like the Durselys in a way, a bully.

Severus saw the boys head fall, and he resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Merlin save me from overly sensitive children, he thought. He did not mean anything by his comment but the boy’s reaction shown otherwise.

“Potter, I did not say that to be mean, I was simply stating a fact child; do you still need the loo?”

Harry didn’t answer he didn’t think he could talk without his voice cracking. He knew exactly what the Professor meant, and he wouldn’t forget it. He stiffly nodded his head making sure his eyes stayed low to the ground, before turning around and quickly walking into the loo. He took a chance look into the mirror, his face was red and his eyes were shining brightly from unshed tears.

His Professor called him foolish, basically calling him stupid, unlike in school this time Harry was sure he meant it. On the bright side it at least was an upgrade from what the Durselys called him which was freak. Trying not to cry he used the toilet before he turned on the shower and stepped in, standing under the hot water he didn’t try to stop the tears that fell, he needed this. He scrubbed his face making sure the tear tracks were gone and then washed quickly before getting out of the shower. Getting back dressed he tried to push the feelings of being unwanted and unloved back into his mind. His teacher was only tolerating him this summer because of the Headmaster. He would do well not to forget that, this was still the man who made his life hell for the past 2 years he’d been at school.

Harry opened the door eyes still down cast which led to him smacking directly into something. His first thought was that he had bumped into a wall, but he saw a pair of black shoes in his line of sight and he knew it was his Professor.

“I’m sorry sir,” Harry whispered.

“It’s alright Mr. Potter; you do know you would see a lot better if you looked up from the ground right?” Severus stated a small smile gracing his face.

“Yes sir, may I go to bed now?” Harry asked quietly

Severus nodded to the child, but he couldn’t help feeling like he had missed something. What was wrong with the boy now? Before he could stop himself he found the words leaving him mouth without a second thought.

“Potter are you ok child?”

“I’m fine sir, just tired is all.”

“Why don’t I believe you Potter? Tell me what’s wrong,”

“Nothing sir, I just forgotten my place is all.” Harry stated before walking over to a bed and getting under the covers.

Severus didn’t know what to make of that statement, what did he mean by ’his place’? Shaking his head, and promising to think on it later he headed to the loo to take his own shower. When he stepped out of the toilet he was pleased to note that the boy was asleep. Taking out some of his notes he set on making a syllabus for next semester for his classes. About 12:00am he finally put them away and went to sleep.

Harry woke up with a silent sob, he knew he couldn’t stop the flow but that didn’t mean he didn’t try. What was he going to do now? He looked at the clock; it was 2:00am like he knew it would be, how was this going to work? He could pretend that nothing happened and go back to sleep, but that wouldn’t work. He hated the feeling of being in the cold waste, not to mention it made him itch. He looked over at the man in the bed across from him, thankfully that he wasn’t awake to witness this event. The man had already insulted his intelligence once on this trip already, not to mention that first night by practically calling him a baby. What would he say now if he saw this? Would he make him wear nappies?

Harry took off the sheets with skilled ease, and headed to the toilet to grab his towel, it took a while but he finally had the mattress cleaned. As for the sheets he balled them up under the bed and put the top blanket over the wet spot, and his duvet he would cover up with it. Everyone once in a while he would check on Snape making sure that the man was still asleep, glad that he appeared to be a deep sleeper. He hoped they would leave this hotel tomorrow, otherwise how was he going to explain away the balled up sheets? Grabbing a clean pair of pajamas and underwear from his bad he headed to the toilet to take another shower. So focused on his task, thinking that he had gotten away with it, he never saw the dark eyes watching him.

*037*2011-12-22 02:05

{{:

I love how this story is turning out! I'm glad your putting some non-omo chapters in the story because it makes it more of a.. Well, story. :)

( By the way, I've been gone for a few days or I TOATALLY would have reviewed the last few chapters! )

I love how this story is turning out! I'm glad your putting some non-omo chapters in the story because it makes it more of a.. Well, story. :)

( By the way, I've been gone for a few days or I TOATALLY would have reviewed the last few chapters! )

I love how this story is turning out! I'm glad your putting some non-omo chapters in the story because it makes it more of a.. Well, story. :)

( By the way, I've been gone for a few days or I TOATALLY would have reviewed the last few chapters! )

}}

Thanks, i'm glad you like, I'm having a blast writing it. Thats cool, thanks for reviewing now tho

{{:

Good chapters again, can't wait for the next part!

}}

Thanks and I just posted so hope you like it

*039*2011-12-22 08:21

I already have written up to Chapter 12, I dont know how long this thing will be so bear with me, I'll continue to update frequently though so no worries.

Chapter 8

Severus was shocked so this was the big secret that the boy was hiding, that was keeping him up all night. Now how long had he’d been wetting the bed? And why did he not know about this? According to Tigger the boy was embarrassed, even though he had no right to be, it wasn’t his fault. Then again, this could explain a lot of things. How was he going to go about this? This situation had to be handled very, very; carefully the child was fragile as it was. Tonight wasn’t the night he knew it, he was extremely tired and knowing Potter’s temper as well as his, they would butt heads and that would be bad. Taking out his wand he put the sheets back on the bed and cleaned up everything, before closing his eyes again when he heard the door to the toilet open. He heard the boy softly sniffling before he gasped, and Severus smirked to himself.

Harry was floored, how did the bed get cleaned? Not to mention the sheets and mattress, who did this? He looked at Snape, but the man had yet to move, could Tigger have somehow done this? Shaking his head, he lay back down, and contented himself remembering all his Quidditch games, play by play so he wouldn’t fall asleep. By the time 6:00am rolled around Harry was awake, nearly giving his Professor a near heart attack when he realized there were eyes looking back into his. Not a way to wake someone up, he noted, trying not to break out into laughs.

Severus narrowed his eyes at the child across from him, one hand on his wand and the other over his heart. The boy actually had the audacity to laugh at him, and he gritted his teeth in annoyance.

“Something funny Potter, I would think you off all people should know not to make fun of anyone. Because if someone were to find out your little secret, you would be hurt when they laughed at your expense.”

Harry stilled instantly, what was his teacher talking about? Surely the man couldn’t be talking about that could he? How did he even know about it? He shook his head, maybe he was jumping to conclusions, and he should clarify it to be sure.

“Sir, what do you mean?” Unknowingly cringing away from the answer.

“The fact that you wait until the last minute to use the loo. You wouldn’t like to be teased by that would you?”

“No sir, I’m sorry sir, I didn’t mean to frighten you.”

“You did not frighten me Potter, you merely startled me.”

“Oh ok, still sorry sir.”

“That’s fine; do you need the loo before I go in?”

“No sir, I’m fine.”

“Are you sure?” Severus asked skeptically.

“Yes sir”

In truth of course he needed the loo; he just didn’t want the man to sneer at him again. He was more hungry then anything, and there wasn’t any more food in the basket. Quickly getting dressed in his clothes from yesterday (apparently the man forgot to pack his clothes and he had nothing to wear) he quietly opened the door and headed downstairs to the lobby. Passing a toilet on the way he popped in and was out within a few minutes where he followed his nose to the dining area.

He had just walked in when the hotel clerk told him it was a complimentary breakfast with their hotel stay. He had no idea what that meant, so she told him it meant it was free. He blushed and she cooed over him, before telling him to go fix his breakfast. He nodded and quickly went for the stack of waffles laid out on the counter. This was just like Hogwarts he could eat all he wanted and no one would be mad at him for it. As he was settling his plate down, his eyes widen a fraction when he remembered he had forgotten to leave a note for Snape. Oh well he was already in trouble he might as well enjoy his food.

Severus knew the minute he stepped out of the shower that something wasn’t right. The room was just too quiet; he couldn’t hear the boy moving around, or the telly on. Quickly getting dressed he opened the door and he saw that the room was empty, he sighed in annoyance. The boy had been good for the last 2 weeks; he was a fool if he thought that his good behavior would last. He looked around for at least a note, but of course found nothing. He headed out towards the lobby, wondering if he could do a discreetly point me spell. It was no need because he saw the boy sitting at a table eating breakfast. Grabbing his own breakfast he sat down across from the child, who had stopped with his fork halfway to his mouth in horror. Before Severus could say anything Potter had already beat him to it.

“I’m sorry sir, I meant to leave a note I swear.”

“But you didn’t, you foolish child,” Severus sighed, not wanting to deal with this so early in the morning.

“I forgot,” Harry replied eyes down.

“That’s no excuse; I should cancel this trip that I planned, especially if this turns out to be a daily occurrence.”

“It won’t sir, I promise,” Harry answered. As much as he hated sharing a room with Snape he was happier that he wasn’t stuck at the Manor with just the man for company.

“It better not be Potter,” Severus stated before taking a bite of his food.

Harry wasn’t hungry anymore, he didn’t mean to forget, he didn’t want the man mad him today. For once he wanted to try to be good, just for Snape. He sighed what the hell was he talking about, he hates Snape right? When they had finished breakfast they walked back up to their room, where he waited for Snape to tell him what they would be doing.

“Today we’ll be going shopping, I don’t know what the muggles let you wear while you were with them, but you will not be going behind me in those rags.”

Harry blushed in shame; he couldn’t tell the man that was all they gave him to wear could he? The man would never believe him, so he just nodded in return. He was glad he was getting new clothes, even if Snape was the one to pay for it, he would pay him back when he got a chance to visit the bank.

“When we go out into the muggle world, we will be father and son. I’m not thrilled about this either Potter,” Snape said misinterpreting the shocked expression on Harry’s face.

“It’s the easiest explanation, so you can call me father or dad, I don’t care which one.”

Harry was floored when Snape said they were pretending to be father and son and a part of him was actually happy to pretend, until Snape said he didn’t want to do it. Harry sighed, willing those hurt feelings away, why was he so shocked? He knew the kind of man his teacher was, he was just another person who didn’t care about Harry. The sooner he got that into his head, the better he would be.

*045*2011-12-22 19:05

{{:

I hate male omorashi, yet I keep reading this one! I love your story!

}}

Uhh thanks...lol, maybe cuz its a Harry Potter one and there arnt enough...still I'm gladyou like it

{{:

I love it! I'm so happy with how frequently you update! :) this is one of the best stories I've read!

}}

Thank you...considering I've never written a full length omorashi story with chapters, that means alot lol

I'm glad you like it

{{:

I love that this is a legit story with a plot and everything! So awesome! Your updates make me so happy <3

}}

Yea it didnt start out that way though it developed, partly thanks to one of the reviewers. I love frequent daily updates myself so..

{{:

Great chapters all around. I love that it's not all omorashi - there's plot and well-defined characters too, which makes the whole reading experience much better. Thanks again for updating so quickly!

}}

No prob, once start writing a chpater, I cant seem to stop. I have so many ideas for this story

{{:

You're updating faster then I can comment on the chapters! But I really like it! A bit curious though how long you'll make this story and how it will end eventually.

}}

Sorry I was feeling kind of bad for not not posting on tuesday I think it was, so I posted two at a time. I have No idea how long this will be, although most of my fanfics are never longer then 17 chapters..but i'm starting to write Chapter 12 now, and the story isnt even halfway over...It wil end wth this being a Snape adopts Harry story..as for when...again no idea lol

*047*2011-12-22 19:16

Sorry for the mistakes, I try to read through it after I post but they still seem to be there..ehh cant do much about it after its posted a day so..again bear with me

Chapter 9

Before they left their hotel room Snape transfigured Harry’s clothes into a pair of jeans and a t-shirt before heading to the store. He was very surprised to note that the boy didn’t ask for anything, regardless of the fact that they were buying clothes for him. He even picked out this shirt with a giant lizard on it, knowing that it was probably a bit immature for the 12 year old, but Harry just beamed at it and put it in the cart. Severus shook his head; Potter was a weird child now that he thought about it.

Harry was in heaven the man was picking him out A LOT of clothes, and he was even picking out cool ones. Who knew that Snape knew the muggle world? Harry really liked the shirts with the animals on it; he’s always wanted one but his Aunt would of course never get it for him. He looked longing at the toys for a minute before shaking his head, and turning back to his Professor. He had clothes and he wouldn’t ask for anything else, because knowing him his teacher would just take everything back.

Severus was puzzled, he saw the way the boy looked at the toys and yet he didn’t say a thing about them. Something wasn’t sitting right with him, and he was going to find out. When he finished getting the boy to try on new shoes he headed straight for the toy isles, he was once a kid once contrary to belief. He could see those emerald green eyes light up in excitement and a flash of emotion went through his heart. It was a strange feeling, but he liked it whatever it was.

“Go pick out some things, can’t have you bored and getting into trouble can we?”

Harry took that as it was, Snape was letting him get toys of all things. He smiled a bright smile until his cheeks hurt before briefly hugging the man and running to get his toys. He never saw the flash of emotion cross the usually blank mask on the man’s face as he hugged him. Keeping an eye on the child he happened to past a muggle chemistry set, he remembered having something like this as a child. It was what led him to eventually want to become a Master in Potions. He picked up the item and stood there and reminisced about his mother buying this for him, he was so lost in thought he didn’t see Harry trying to get his attention.

Harry had decided on getting a remote control car, a few action figures, and if Snape allowed him a Game Boy.

Dudley had one and he always wanted to play with it, but he never could. It looked like so much fun. At the moment though he had to use the loo, and he was extra careful to pay attention to his bladder because he didn’t want Snape to take back what he said about buying him toys if he waited until the last minute. The man was currently looking at a Chemistry set, which interested Harry because it was a bit similar to potions, but standing still was really making him have to go.

“Sir, I have to use the loo,” Harry stated blushing, but Snape didn’t say anything in response.

“Sir please,” Harry whispered again.

He still didn’t move so Harry figuring he could hold it went back to looking at which type of car he wanted. About 15 minutes of dancing around, someone finally noticed him.

“Sweetie are you ok?” A random mother down the aisle asked him.

“Yes m’am, I’m fine,” he stated unable to keep his legs still.

“I don’t think you are honey, you’d better go and tell your daddy you need the toilet before you have an accident Hun.”

Harry blushed crimson then, before smiling weakly at her and then quickly walking away. Snape was in the same place as before, but now he had a slight smile on his face. Harry glanced back to see that the lady was watching him and she nodded when he poked Snape to get his attention.

“Sir, I need the loo,” he whispered but either Snape was ignoring him or something but he didn’t do a thing.

Harry whimpered, and clutched his groin as the pressure in his bladder grew. What was wrong with the man? He was really dancing away now and he bumped his head into the man’s arm startling him.

“Potter, what the he…” Severus trailed off as he looked at the boy dancing to the left of him.

“I tried to tell you before but you weren’t listening to me,” Harry said blinking back tears.

“Come on, let me ask where their toilet is,” Severus answered before taking one of Harry’s hands.

They were told the loo was at the front of the store, and they were in the back. One look at Harry and Snape knew in his heart that the boy wouldn’t make it walking on his own. He sighed but since it was his fault the boy was like this in the first place, he gently picked him up. He hurriedly walked to the front of the store, desperation clear on his face and Harry’s. Only difference between their desperation was Harry was from having to pee, and Snape’s was from not knowing if the child was going to make it. Just his luck there was a line, and he walked back out. Bumping into another store clerk he asked if there were any more toilets. There was a family bathroom just across from where they were and Snape headed for that one. He noted that Harry had his face pressed into his shoulder and he could feel wetness there.

“This isn’t your fault Potter, it was mine. I apologize for not paying attention to you when you asked.”

Harry said nothing as he sniffled softly; he was doing all he could to hang on.

Finally they were in a one person loo, but Harry didn’t even care anymore. He didn’t want to wet himself in front of Snape again. His Professor quickly put him down and he made a beeline for the toilet, standing in front of it almost proved to be his undoing. He couldn’t get his pants unbuttoned fast enough, because of his frantic movements. All of a sudden the buckle disappeared and he turned around to see the man putting his wand away. He smiled before turning back to the toilet and finally peeing. He sighed in relief as he went, happy that he had made it. After washing his hands they headed back, where in their rush they had left their shopping cart full of their things. It was still there, and unthinkingly Harry grabbed Snape’s hand and led him to the video games display.

The same lady who told him to go get his dad was looking at it as well only this time she had a boy a little bit younger then Harry next to her.

“I’m glad you made it sweetie,” she said smiling at him.

Harry blushed again before turning his head into Snape’s stomach. The man put one hand on his head and patted it.

“That was my fault; I was so caught up in memory lane and didn’t realize he needed to go,”

“Tell me about it, I did the same thing to my daughter. It happens, but thankfully someone told her the same thing I did for your little guy.”

Harry wasn’t really listening as he talking, he was breathing in the sweet smell of potions on the man’s clothes. It was a soothing smell, to him and he found himself starting to drift off to sleep, leaning on the man.

“Looks like someone needs a nap,” she chuckled to Snape.

“M’ too big for naps,” Harry murmured back.

He didn’t hear what the response was, because Snape picked him up again and he laid his head on his shoulder. He closed his eyes and found himself about to drift off to sleep, thankful that he had just used the loo.

Severus finished talking with the woman and grabbed the cart and headed to the checkout lane. After buying everything including all the games in the case for that video game Potter wanted (he didn’t know which ones the child was interested in since he fell asleep) and he headed out to the car. Laying the boy on the back seat he buckled him in and set off for their destination.

*048*2011-12-22 19:33

{{:

I barely come on here, but I joined because I read the first chaoter of your story. I prefer either desperation but it is so hard to find male desperation online,this story is great. I agree your updates are extremely fast, and like that one guy above, I might just love you for it. Some people take ages to write update, yours amazes me...I have a question is Harry going to find out that Snape knows about his night habits?

}}

Eventually he will...but as for the time being he's waiting for Harry to bring it to him...seeing as how embarrased he is..thats gonna take a while lol

