Spectaculer Spider-Man

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-07-14 07:32

The characters are inspired by the cast of the amazing spider-man, will contain female wetting from Gwen, Mary Jane, random damsels in distress, etc. Mary Jane's inspiration here--> (http://www.wettingblog.com/images/desperate-knicker-wetting/img-files/tn01.jpg

)

Chapter 1: Field Trip

Sixteen year old Peter Parker was curled up on his bed as his alarm clock approached it's designated time. His eyes flit back and forth from behind his eye lids as he dreamed of his current crush: Gwen Stacey. In the dream she was wearing a violet string bikini and Peter wore Navy blue swimming trunks as they stepped into the hot tub and began flirting.

The moment dream peter sat in the hot water, urine began to flow from the end of his urethra and soaked his plaid boxers. The trail of warm pee began to pool beneath the right side of his waist as he remained oblivious to his accident and continued to soak his sheets as well as his blankets.

Back in the dream Peter began to untie the string on the back of Gwen's bikini top as she held her face inches from his own. Their lips brushed against each other as he undid the bikini and they began to make-out. As Peter drew back he released the strings and allowed the top to fall into the water with a plop. His eyes fell onto the bikini and as he began to let the drift back up to her breasts, his alarm clock blared.

Peter scowled as he slammed his fist onto the off button and sat up to rub his eyes. It took him longer than he would care to admit, to realize that he was sitting in a puddle of still warm urine. "No!" He cried out as he lurched from the bed, the damp blanket wrapped around his legs. He quickly slammed to the ground as he struggled from his bed. He fumbled to his feet and examined his grey sheets. There was a large dark stain and a puddle of urine still seeping into the fabric.

He carefully stripped the sheets from the bed to reveal plastic sheets from below the main sheets. He frowned as he stared at the urine still sitting atop the sheets. "Aunt May is going to have a fit." Peter grumbled as he slumped against his wall and sighed loudly. He decided to focus on the priority of getting ready for school. "I hate Mondays." He mumbled as he grabbed a change of clothes from his closet and drawers before trying to sneak to the bathroom

His stealth earned him a run in with Uncle Ben. "Oh Peter almost didn't see you there... have another accident." Peter bowed his head as he felt his ears burn. "well, tell you what. I'll clean it up while you're at school and keep this a secret from Aunt May."

"Thanks." Peter smiled as his uncle left him to the bathroom. Clark shut and locked the door behind him before stripping from his wet boxers. He stuffed them deep in the hamper before stepping in the shower since he had nothing else on when he slept.

He flicked on the hot water and added a ridiculous amount of men's conditioner and shampoo to his hair. He started to wash it out with his back to the shower head and his head tilted back to keep shampoo from his eyes. Next he grabbed the body wash and began to pour a large amount of body wash into the palm of his hand. He noticed the back of it mentioned something about how using the body wash would gain attention from the ladies.

Peter scoffed at the idea of him getting any positive attention from the ladies. He was rather attractive, but he was more of the nerd type and had nickname's like "Peed his pant Parker" as well as many others like that. Still his mind drifted to his dream of Gwen Stacey. As he reran the dream through his head he felt a twitch in his penis. Since he didn't have an audience he continued to let his mind wander and imagined what would have happened had he been allowed to dream a little longer as he cleaned his body. After finishing his shower he quickly dried himself off, did his hair and pulled on grey boxers, blue jeans that were sightly worn, an old Hurley t-shirt and black sneakers.

Jogging back to his room he grabbed his back pack and drew on strap over his shoulder as he dashed to the kitchen for a bite to eat before his bus would pull up. He shoveled toaster waffles into his mouth between gulps of orange juice. He finished as fast as he could so he had time to race up stairs and brush his teeth. He made sure his breath was fresh before rinsing out his mouth and heading to his bus stop. He jogged down the side walk to his stop when he heard the loud engine of the bus though it was still out of sight. He bowed his head and sprinted to the end of the block just as the bus screeched to a halt.

He managed to make it to lunch without much teasing and as he carried his tray of terrible food, he made his way to his two best, and practically only, friends" Harry and Mary Jane. Harry was a mostly unimportant receiver for the junior varsity team who had been Peter's best friend since sixth grade. He was tall, muscular with dark brown hair and expensive abecrombie clothing.

Mary Jane on the other hand had moved to Queens the previous year. She lived next door to Peter but they hadn't become friends until they spent far more time in the nurse's office together for bladder related accidents than they would have preferred. Mary Jane was tall, more developed than the majority with unnatural looking red hair. She was dressed in skinny jeans, a leather jacket and a green tank top that gave a decent view of her midriff, as well as the back of a teen diaper.

"MJ... your back..." Peter muttered awkward. Mary Jane blushed furiously as she pulled the waist of her jeans up.

"Thanks." She muttered embarrassed.

"Hey Pete!" Harry greeted his friend. "You and Mary Jane got a field trip to Oscorp right?"

"Yepp, I'll tell your dad hi if I see him." Peter grinned as he sat across from Mary Jane and next to Harry.

"I doubt you will see him, but maybe you can show some of the scientists up?" Harry joked. "Peter Parker, boy genius."

"I wouldn't call myself a genius." Peter grinned.

"I would." Mary Jane interjected.

"Thanks guys." Peter smirked softly.

"No problem." Harry patted him on the back as he and Mary Jane began discussing last Friday's party. Peter felt a little left out of the group, as great as his friends were, they were vastly more popular than himself. He didn't blame them for wanting to discuss what sounded like an amazing party so he just ate in silence, his eyes constantly drifting over to Gwen. She was dressed in brown high heel boots, black panty hose and black mini skirt with a white t-shirt that gave a glimpse at her cleavage.

"Hey tiger, got a crush?" MJ smirked.

"No, just... intrigued." Peter looked away.

"Come on, we're all friends here." Harry laughed.

Peter shook his head with a grin.

Another hour later Harry was boarding the school bus again as Mary Jane sat to his right, having called the window sheet. The rows of buses drove off to the Oscorp. They were on Queensboro Bridge crossing over to Manhattan when Peter noticed Mary Jane was squirming and seemed entirely unfocused at the conversation they were making.

"You ok MJ?" Peter asked concerned.

"Fine." She grunted as she bit her lip, leaned back and grasped her crotch.

"Uh... MJ, you need a bathroom."

"I'm wearing one Peter... I just don't want to use it." She confessed.

"I can understand that..."

"I don't want to wet." She said softly as tears formed in her eyes.

"Honestly I think you are gong to, whether you hold it or not."

"I can't just give up."

"You're in pain MJ.... just release some?"

"Fine." She sighed and relaxed. Peter could just hear the sound of urine hiss as it soaked her diaper. Peter counted to twenty as Mary Jane relaxed her bladder. Her face was one of true relief as she sighed in content. As peter reached thirty seconds counting in his head Mary Jane stemmed the flow. "That feels better... and gross." She frowned.

"I'm sorry." Peter gave a sympathetic smile as the bus ride continued. Once the arrived at the science facility Mary Jane dashed to the bathroom line along with several other class mates. Peter waited at the reception desk until she emerged with a smile on her face. Peter figured she emptied her bladder entirely and changed into a new diaper but didn't ask.

The class continued on with the trip for a while before Peter inevitable caught the attention of Flash Thompson.

"Well if it isn't Peedy Pants Parker."

"Flash go away." Peter strained his neck to see where Mary Jane was, to find her speaking to one of her friends oblivious to Peter's dilemma.

"Or you could." Flash smirked as he hoisted Peter up and tossed him inside a broom closet. "Have fun." Flash grinned mischievously.

"Flash let me out!" Peter cried as the door shut on him. Peter struggled but found it locked. "Are you kidding me?" Peter cried as he rammed the door. It was then that he noticed his intense urge to pee. He jostled the door knob with his right hand and beat on the door with his left as he struggled to gain an exit from the closet before he wet his pants. Meanwhile, as his bladder ached and the end of his urethra burned as a few drops of urine slipped into his boxers, a genetically enhanced spider began to crawl from a tiny hole in the ceiling.

It sun a web as it began to dangle downward towards Peter. It dropped onto his neck when Peter finally took notice to it. He swat at the spider but missed, only succeeding in agitating it. The spider bit into Peter's flesh and he cried out before falling to his knees. The pain from the spider bite caused him to release his hold on his bladder and urine began to soak into his jeans. A dark glistening stain ran down the front of his right legs as it pooled beneath him. The warm urine was still running down his legs when a chaperone opened the broom closet.

"Peter..." He muttered disappointed. "Ms. Evergreen, I'll take him back to the school."

"Alright." She nodded.

The male teacher led Peter to his own car, a black chevy pontiac. He laid down plastic bags for Peter to sit on as he drove back to the school with the brilliant and soaked teenager.

A little while later Peter found himself dressed in his gym clothes sitting in the chemistry classroom. He began mixing a few chemicals together when the bottom of his bottle sat a white taffy like adhesive about the size of a star burst. "It worked." Peter raised an eye brow at his attempt to create the failed attempts at a spider web like adhesive Oscorp attempted to create. He picked it up from the bottle an examined it to find it stick to his finger tips in string like tendrils. Peter attempted to shake it off as his bite on the back of his neck began to sear in agony. He fought the strong stringy adhesive for approximately five minutes before it quickly seemed to dissolve into a water like state.

Thankful for the release peter gripped the back of his neck as the pain grew in intensity just as he passed out on the Chemisty table.

I hope you enjoyed it, hopefully it will get better as time goes on... leave your feedback below:)

*002*2012-07-15 23:40

{{:

Not one for male wettings, but the mj one is good ;)

}}

Glad you liked it:)

*005*2012-07-18 21:49

{{:

I liked this a lot--never really thought of omo in terms of spider man before! I know you mentioned that female wetting will become a part of the story in future chapters, but I hope that doesn't mean the male omo will go away! I'd love to read more about Peter, his bedwetting, and his unfortunate nicknames (maybe how he got them in the first place??).

}}

Don't worry, this story is first and foremost a male omo story. The femal is just too keep me and other readers interested. I may explore Peter's past a little more and explain how he got his unfortunate nick names. I'm glad you enjoyed it and even more glad you left feedback:D

*006*2012-07-21 05:08

Chapter 2: Mutations

The brilliant scientist, Adrian Toomes slaved over the complex machine before him as he raced to develop a cure for Norman Osbourne's rare disease. He watched as the cells mutated into something new before him. They became predatory, feeding on the diseased cells, for a moment Adrian had believed he succeeded... then something else occurred. The cell began to die, faster than it should, however before it did the cells fed off other healthy cells.

Adrian quickly attempted to add other chemicals to reverse the effect when he heard the approach of Norman Osbourne. He frantically added chemicals he believed would change the cells, when the door swung open. Adrian got a glimpse of himself in the mirror on the door. Tall, wiry with short dark hair, beady blue eyes and a large nose that was the subject of teasing when he was a child. His twenty eight year old face now reflected the fear he felt as a child whenever a bully would approach. Norman glared at the young scientist with hatred.

"Where is the cure?" He demanded.

"Not yet ready sir." The brilliant scientist muttered, obviously intimidated.

"Your dead line is today!" Norman screamed.

"I have a year to live without a cure! In that time my body's cells will destroy themselves, they will turn my body frail and my mind insane."

"I understand sir. I can't design a cure any faster than I am now."

"What about what's in your machine?"

"I don't think it will work."

"It's time for a test then."

"Let me get the rats." Toomes tried to rush to the other side of the room but Norman caught him by the collar. Before Adrian could react a needle was stabbed into his back.

"I have my rat here. Now that the disease is in you..." Norman filled a shot with the experimental cure and injected it into the scientist arm.

"No!" Toomes cried out as the mixture of the two chemicals immediately caused him to pass out as the two radicals entered his blood stream.

Adrian awoke in his bed. He had no memory of how he had gotten there. His heart all but exploded as he instantly realized what had happened to him. "No!!!!" He cried as he raced to his work room, passing a hall mirror that gained his unfortunate attention. It appeared his youth had been stolen from his body. His skin sagged from wrinkles and liver sports freckled his skin, his hair was absent, in short he was an almost thirty year old senior citizen. However, the most frightening change was his teeth, not lupine albeit his molars, they resembled a wolf's mouth. "What did Norman do to me?" He asked in frustration. he slammed his fist into the glass, sending shards flying as he split the iron frame for the mirror and tore through the wall.

Adrian quickly glanced at his unscathed hands in awe. "What did Norman do to me?" He asked himself now intrigued. He realized whatever he was infected with would require more attention than his measly chemical set, he needed Oscorpe supplies. He grabbed his lab coat that was, for some reason on his coffee table and raced out of his apartment to his work. He left the lobby of his building when he felt his mind seem to slip from his control, he found himself leering at a beautiful teenage girl, his mouth watering. He followed her inconspicuously until she took a short cut through an alley way. He followed her lead and when she turned to face the scientist, mildly frightened. Seeing her fear his instincts took over.

Thought had no place in his mind as the world became a blur of color to his eyes. His body lunged at the girl with inhuman agility, tackling her to the ground. Her bladder voided itself in fright as his, sharp teeth pierced her jugular. His teeth injected a lethal venom into her veins and she was dead instantly, however he wasn't finished. He hovered his mouth above her own, still agape as if it was silently screaming. Then a blue mist seemed to flow from her mouth and into his, within seconds Adrian changed from his elderly state into his typical state, however he remained hairless.

"Curioser and curioser." He muttered softly as he gazed at the dead teen with disinterest. He turned to Oscorpe and raced up to speak with Norman. Unfortunately as he raced up to the top floor he was intercepted as a large tank of a man, dressed in some high tech battle army barreled through the wall, pausing to glance at Toomes.

"You... friend." The massive man spoke in a daze.

"Aleksei... what have they done to you?" He asked his former colleague as he gazed at he metallic horn which had ridges of electric lights circulating through it. Then Toomes gazed further into the room Aleksei came out of to notice severe destruction and a number of deceased and unconscious guards... and several high tech weapons ripe for the picking.

Peter dreamed he was caught in a spider's web. He struggled against the bonds but couldn't break free. as he fought the binds a large spider approached his imprisonment. He squirmed desperately as he felt he body tingle violently, his mind had the dream broken up into scenes, the spider jumping from one place to another without any actually movement. Peter was terrified as the spider finally materialized just above his head. Right as it bit him he awoke around two in the morning on a hospital bed. A dark stain was forming on his crotch as he slowly woke up. The urine began to seep into the bed as it slithered down his groin, almost massaging it as it soaked the bed in a puddle of urine. Peter couldn't help but soak the bed as he once again fell unconscious.

He awoke from a dreamless sleep in a new bed and new gown to find Gwen Stacey checking on another patient beside him. She was dressed in black pants, a red v-neck t-shirt that hugged her figure and her brown high heel boots.

"Peter isn't it?" She asked as she left the other patient to her own devices.

"Yeah..." Peter muttered, amazed she didn't drag out the first syllable so it emphasized 'pee' like most kids did.

"You had some nasty spider bite. The hospital wasn't sure what bit you, but they managed to fix you up I guess."

"Yeah, I guess." Peter agreed awkwardly. "So what are you doing here?"

"I volunteer here." She smiled softly as she leaned against the wall.

"Aren't you missing a candy striper outfit?" Peter asked, though to be honest he'd rather see her in a sexy nurse outfit if anything. He shook the image from his head a little reluctantly.

"Meh, didn't really like the way it look on me."

"I can't imagine anything would look bad on you." Peter said before he could catch himself.

Gwen blushed, clearly pleased. "Thanks well I ought to go…" as she left Peter reached out for her hand.

"Hey do you maybe, want to hang out sometime... somewhere else I mean."

"Yeah ok." Gwen grinned, trying to play hard to get. "I can try to do that." She slowly slipped her hand from Peter's. Peter noticed her hand almost seemed to stick to his own skin as she practically yanked it from his open palm. The strange friction caused her ring to stick to his palm.

"Oops." Peter took his turn to blush as he tried to gently grab the ring from his hand, but found he had to pry it from seemingly nothing. He handed it to her, his head down.

"Thanks Peter." She smiled as she left the room.

"Smooth move mister slick." Peter muttered to himself.

A few hours later Peter was granted the right to leave the hospital for home. He decided to walk the short distance and found himself, suddenly more aware of his surroundings. Another thing he noticed was he seemed to gain a significant amount of muscle mass. He was still lean in build but he was more developed than before, something that earned a smile from himself as he strolled the streets, dressed in blue jeans and a plain blue t-shirt. He was crossing the street when an overwhelming tingling sensation tore through his head. Time seemed to slow down as he felt his vision pull to the side, revealing a car speeding towards him. Peter willed himself to move, leaping towards the sidewalk.

In a blur of motion he jumped over half the street to the other end, landing casually to his feet. "Whoa." Peter muttered softly as he watched the car that nearly hit him, screech to a halt. The driver was relieved, yet puzzled. Peter didn't wait around to give answers he didn't have and ran towards his house. As he dashed to his small house he noticed he seemed to move faster than before, he wasn't exactly a speedster but he could easily outrun an Olympic runner.

He slid to a stop in his gravel drive way, amazed at himself. "What kinda spider bit me?" He asked himself as he gazed to the ledge outside the second story window that led to his room. He took a deep breath and pushed off the ground and found himself bounding up to the windowsill with moderate ease. Then with a smirk on his face he leaped backwards, pulling off a backflip and grabbing the top of the deck roof so he could swing forward onto the welcome mat.

"This could be fun." He grinned as he entered his house.

*008*2012-10-01 00:55

{{:

You should add capital letters that say 'Wetting here,' to let people know when a wetting/messing is happening

}}

Thanks for the suggestion, but if you just want a quick omo fix I'd prefer you to read another story. Plot is just as important to me, if not more than the actual wetting and I'm not going to interrupt the story just to show where the omo-scene will occur. 

*009*2012-10-01 01:04

Also, I'm sorry if the above topic seems mean, I didn't really mean it that way. Its hard to convey the tone of your mood over the internet:P

