A Difficult Journey

Author: shortandsweet

*000*2013-06-27 00:24

This one’s an oldie, but (hopefully) a goodie. Would love to have some feedback on it, so you know what that means.

~~

Carmen scanned over her test one final time, just to check she had all the answers right. She tried to hurry, for she needed to catch the last bus home and she was already the last one in the classroom, plus she really needed to use the bathroom. She hadn’t gone all day! She looked over her test until she was satisfied with everything she’d written down, then put her pen inside her bag.

“Mr. Smith, I’m done” She called out.

“All right, hand it in, please” Mr. Smith said calmly. Carmen gave her paper to Mr. Smith. “Thank you. Have a nice weekend, Carmen.”

“Thanks. You too.”

Carmen quickly walked out the classroom and to her locker. She started to turn her lock. She swore very quietly when it didn’t open.

“Oh, god, please open, I have to go, now!” She thought. Finally, she was able to get her lock open, and she grabbed her jacket and backpack and nearly tripped in her mad dash to the ladies room. But when she got there, she was shocked to see a sign on the door reading, “BATHROOMS TEMPORARILY CLOSED FOR CLEANING”

“Oh my god no!” She thought. “What bad timing!” She wanted to scream. She cursed inside her mind-after all, the janitor could be listening-and crossed her legs tightly.

“Ooh, I’m dying to pee” She thought. “I shouldn’t have drunk so much during lunch. Ooh!” She put one hand inside her knees. Then she suddenly remembered, there were some other washrooms on the other side of the school!

“Oh thank god! I’ll just use the washroom quickly and then I’ll go home.”

She ran outside quickly. She noticed her jeans were so tight they were making her very uncomfortable. She loosened a button, which helped a little, and made her way to the washrooms. Suddenly, as she was about to cross the bus stop, she realized that the next bus would be coming in about five minutes, and the washrooms were so far away. She wouldn’t have enough time to use the bathroom and catch the bus. She tried to weigh her options. This was the last bus that would take her home for the day. Her mom wouldn’t be able to pick her up for at least two hours, and she was definitely not walking, so she had no other choice. She stood at the bus stop biting her lower lip. She slid her hand into her knees and started fidgeting nervously.

“Oh my god, I have to pee sooooo bad” She whispered. “I don’t think I can wait much longer. Oh, I hope there’s no traffic today. I can’t even imagine peeing myself in public. Also, if I ruin these jeans, my mom’s going to kill me! Oh, god, I have to go so badly.” She suddenly felt a spurt of pee shooting into her panties. “Oh shit! Now I have to go even worse!” She used every muscle in her to hold it in. She was so desperate her legs started shaking! Suddenly, she heard footsteps approaching. She tried to look casual, which was no easy task of course.

“Hey, Car” Called out a voice. Carmen looked up.

“Oh my god” She thought. “Is that Tristan, the really cute guy who sits beside me in math? Oh my god, why does he have to talk to me now ? I can’t let him see me like this” She straightened out her legs, although that made it much harder to hold her pee in.

“Oh, hi Tristan” She said smiling. “What are you doing here?”

“I had basketball. I thought you were already home”

“Um, no. I had to stay after school to complete Mr. S’s test” Her voice cracked a little bit.

“Oh. Hey, here comes the bus.”

The bus arrived and Carmen hurried to pay the fare so she could just sit down and hopefully relax. There were a lot of empty seats, considering it was late in the afternoon. Carmen sat down at one of the middle seats, then moved over to let Tristan sit beside her. Carmen crossed her legs very tightly, and tried to tense her muscles. She felt another spurt of pee come out. Now her panties were slightly wet. She crossed her legs even tighter and tried to dissimulate her tense body posture. Which was not easy. She was literally on the verge of peeing her pants right now!

“So” Tristan said as he sat down. “I heard you play piano”

“Um, yes” Carmen realized her leg was bouncing up and down. Horrified, he put her hand over it. “How did you know?”

“Your friend, Jolene told me. I’d like to hear you sometime, if that’s okay”

“S-sure, why not?” She could barely focus on what she was saying right now, her bladder was so full. She regretted not using the bathroom when she’d had a chance. After all, maybe if she’d been really quickly, she would have made it.

“I like your earrings”

“Um, thanks. I got them last week.”

“They’re really nice.”

Carmen felt her panties getting warmer.

“Oh my god” She thought. Her hands got very sweaty, and she could feel her bladder ready to burst. “What if I end up like that Tycho Brahe guy? I don’t want to die!” In her situation, wetting her pants seemed like nothing compared to dying of bladder infection. She started to bounce up and down impatiently, the pain was immense now.

“Are you okay?” Tristan asked. Carmen nodded nervously, although she knew perfectly well she was lying. She had to go so bad now she was almost in tears. She prayed Tristan couldn’t tell she was desperate, although it was getting pretty obvious by now.

“I-I’m just, um, very cold, today” She stuttered, blushing. Wow. That was all she could come up with? She might as well have told Tristan she could fly as well.

“In Spring?”

“I’m, um, sensitive. To the warm environment.” She wanted to slap herself. That was the stupidest thing she had ever said! Now Tristan was absolutely not going to believe her.

“Really?” He said. “That’s interesting. You know, I knew there was something special about you. Oh, there’s my stop. I gotta go. See you on Monday!” He waved.

“Bye” She waved back. The last two people got off the bus with him, leaving Carmen all alone.

“Okay” She thought. “Just breathe... breathe... there we go. Just four more stops. Four more stops and I’m home. It’s only about five more minutes.” She tried to relax her mind and crossed her legs as tightly as she could, shoving her hand in between. At least no one was watching now. “Okay, think completely water un-related thoughts. Okay, okay, let’s see, a desert! There we go! I’m in a desert. Ooh, it’s so hot, and I’m so thirsty, I need water! NO! Don’t think about that!” Some more pee filled into her panties. She was going to have to wash them when she got home. “Okay, okay, what was the most amazing place I ever went? Um, let’s see. Oh, that time I went to a water park in Michigan! Oh my god, no! No!” Her panties got damper. “Okay, no more thinking exercises, cause they’re not helping. Just relax, youre almost there, this is the last stop before yours. Just... relax”

When the bus finally stopped, Carmen grabbed her stuff and made her way to the front of the bus. After thanking the bus driver, she quickly walked down the steps and started walking down the sidewalk.

“See, that wasn’t so bad” She thought. “Now I’m almost home. Just have to get up to my apartment” She stopped to cross her legs and breathe. She was glad no one was there-especially older guys-to see her in her predicament. She bit her lower lip. She had to go so badly now she could barely move, let alone walk. She waited until she was ready to keep walking and made her way towards the stoplight. Fortunately, the street wasn’t very crowded at this time of day. She crossed the street as quickly as she could and got back onto the sidewalk. She stopped again to cross her legs, and she prayed that she would make it home. She could barely think anything besides, “I gotta pee, I gotta pee, I gotta pee, I gotta pee.”

She walked quickly, keeping her muscles as least relaxed as she could. “Just a few more minutes. Just a few more minutes.” Finally, she made it to her building, and rushed inside the lobby to the elevator. Then she remembered that she lived on the 18th floor, which would take a while to reach. Fortunately the elevator didn’t stop on every floor or that would have been hopeless. She crossed her legs dead tightly and walked inside the elevator. She was so desperate that she couldn’t think straight and accidentally pressed 6 and 10.

“Oh my god, what did I just do!” She thought. “Ahh! It’s going to take so long now!!!” Her jeans were so tight she decided to unzip them. It was embarrassing, but who cares? She was absolutely dying to pee! The elevator stopped on the first designated floor, and two more people got on. Carmen wanted to scream when one of them pressed a button to go down. She wondered then if it was truly possible to reach the bathroom in time. At this rate, just making it to her floor would be a miracle.

She no longer tried to hide her fidgeting, it was crucial to keep herself from peeing in an elevator with people in it. She saw a woman giving her a strange and slightly disgusted look, but she didn’t care. All she cared about was getting to the bathroom in time and finally getting to relieve her poor, sore bladder. The woman got off at the first floor and the elevator ride started all over again. Carmen was so desperate to pee she was literally about to scream! It hurt so bad Carmen put her hands over the crotch of her jeans. It didn’t help much, however, because some more pee leaked out into her panties, which felt really wet now. The man looked at her, but curiously, not shamefully as the woman had done.

“You feelin’ all right, young lady?” He asked.

“Y-yes, t-thank you” Carmen could barely talk. She could barely do anything. She used every muscle she had inside her to keep the urine from flowing out into her jeans. She could almost visualize it now. Her jeans soaked with pee, the entire elevator floor flooded with huge yellow puddles... “Ahh, no!” She thought. “I can’t think about that! It’s going to make it worse!” The pain was unbearable now. Some pee started leaking out, forming a small spot on the front of her jeans. She didn’t even want to picture what her panties must look like now. At least she knew she was never going to wear them again. The elevator got to the 10th floor, the wrong button Carmen’d pressed, and stopped.

“Your not getting off here?” The man asked.

“No, I just pressed that button by mistake, sorry.”

“Quite all right.” Carmen envied the man standing next to her. At least he didn’t have to worry about wetting himself right now. Plus, Carmen had a really weak bladder, so it could happen at any second now.

“Please, hurry up, hurry up, hurry up. Its all right. I’m going to make it. Nothing’s going to happen. I’ll be fine” Carmen kept her hands dug deep into her legs as the elevator made its last stops. She tried to remember what to do in these desperate situations. Of course, the number one thing was go to the bathroom. 15, 16, 17- suddenly, the elevator stopped. Carmen couldn’t believe it. Then she remembered the man was getting off at the 17th stop. She’d gotten her hopes up so much that she was almost there that she had to use every remaining muscle to hold back the extremely powerful wave that was about to eject from her bladder if she didn’t get to a bathroom soon.

As soon as the man had stepped off the elevator, Carmen jumped up and down in agitation. She was so anxious her mind was frozen, only focused on one thing. Relief. NOW. Finally, as it seemed like forever, the elevator finally stopped on the 18th floor. Carmen walked very slowly, after all, any sudden moves could be deadly. She made it to her apartment, and reached into her bag, praying that she had the keys. Yup, they were there. She pushed the key into the keyhole and never was she so glad to be in her apartment. She locked the door and walked as calmly as she could towards the bathroom. As she walked there, she could feel some pee spurting into her panties. She was so glad she wasn’t on the elevator anymore, because by now she wouldn’t have been able to wait another second. Almost a miracle, she made it to the bathroom, and she quickly opened the door, not even bothering to shut it, yanked down her jeans and panties.

The relief that followed was almost indescribable. Even seconds before she got a chance to sit down, her pee flowed so forcefully into the water. It was a huge stream. It was flowing like a waterfall! She sighed heavily in relief.

“Oh, god” She thought. “Finally. Ahhhhh, it feels soooo good! I’d better enjoy each moment. I don’t think I’m ever going to get to pis like this again.” She moaned pleasurably as the jet of pee kept splashing into the water. She moved her legs closer together so she could feel the warm pee touch her skin. It cascaded down her legs and kept flowing down. Carmen loved the loud watery sound it made. “Oh my god, I’m still going! Wow, I think this is the longest pee of my life! Oh, I should have timed it!” She started counting the seconds in her head. She’d already gotten to 43, and the pee was still flowing heavily like a waterfall. Carmen wondered how wet her pants would have gotten if she hadn’t made it. Her mom would have been very angry, that’s for sure.

Carmen counted in her head to almost two minutes, as the pee was finally reduced to a trickle. As the last drops of pee hit the water, Carmen sighed in relief. She’d forgotten what an empty bladder was like. She then stared down at her panties. They were soaked, and they smelled like pee, too. Carmen then looked down at the toilet. It was pure yellow, as yellow as the sun. She flushed the toilet, pulled up her jeans and washed her hands. She felt so good now. But she was kind of disappointed that her pee was over and that she’d never get to experience something like that again. But she walked into her room, stripped off her panties, changed into a fresh pair, and threw the old pair into the garbage. She then realized her jeans were cold, so she changed into her favourite warm pyjamas.

She started thinking about this whole experience, and thought that maybe someday she would purposely drink litres of water just so she could have a very long pee like she had today. But until then, that was enough. She realized she had an hour before her mom got home, and then decided to call Tristan. She just had a feeling that he wasn’t really doing his geometry.

*003*2013-07-01 16:31

{{: 

Nice story, great description of desperation and her thinking and feeling. Would like to read more like this.

}}

Thanks! This was actually my first desperation story that I wrote.

{{: 

Wovv, very vivid! I'm not normally a fan of people making it, but for your incredible writing skills, I'll climax to that!

}}

Cool, thanks!

*006*2013-07-09 02:57

{{: 

I'm the opposite of Marin. I love it when they just barely make it. Great story!

}}

{{: 

Very nice! I love it when people make it. Well described.

}}

Thanks, I honestly wasn't expecting such good feedback

*008*2013-07-12 18:04

{{: 

Great work dude! One of the best stories I have read here. Though I prefer people not making it, but there was a good amount of leaking. Although, I don't know what kind of elevator that was as the elevator should first go up then down.

}}

Wowzers, more reviews! Thanks :D

And yeah, I'm not around elevators too often, plus I wrote this ages ago, so sorry if that part doesn't make a whole lot of sense :P

