The Solo Toilet

Author: pleasehurry

*000*2022-05-31 22:13

The toilet cubicle is the ultimate destination, the stage where many desperation stories reach their climax. It's the location where women who have been longing to use the loo can rush into, finally their desperate torment will be over. Nearly every public toilet in the world has been subject to a gushing wee, some from ladies who could have barely waited a minute longer.

This is such story. The toilet in question is one at Thorpe Park, UK. On this peculiar day in the middle of British summertime, a burst pipe meant that only one cubicle was open within the ladies toilet block closest to the entrance. This toilet will be the climax of this story. The site where our protagonist would give anything to reach asap. But what happens if two people reach it at once?

This is the story of two women, both independently becoming truly desperate. Both in an agonising race against time to reach the toilet in question before wetting themselves. What will happen when they converge on the site at the same time? Will both make it, will neither make it, or will one have a humiliating accident hearing the others orgasmic relief. Read on to find out.

........

Maggie slurped the bright red slushie in her hand. The slim 20 year old was on a second date at Thorpe Park, and having a wonderful time with her new partner Neil. It was a warm day. The sun hot in the sky. The theme park was unusually busy, with long queues for rides, food, and toilets. Maggie bit her lip as she looked at yet another long queue for the women's toilets. She was simply going to have to say something soon, Maggie had been holding on to a wee for the last 2 hours, too embarrassed to ask her date if they could queue up. She wasn't desperate, not by a long way, but she knew her bladder was filling, with the copious amounts of fluid she had drank throughout the day making their presence felt.

Half an hour later, Maggie slurped the final dregs of her slushie, and place the plastic cup in a bin. Now was the time to ask. Her bladder was making itself known, its capacity now reaching a point where it was swelling ever so slightly out of Maggie's toned tummy, and pressing into the waistband of her lacy pink thong, which was hiding under an innocent summer dress. For the first time, Maggie's mind wandered to the relief she would gain by weeing into the toilet, the toilet cubicle was being imagined in her head. Just as she was about to ask to have a trip to the loos, Neil spoke up

"Let's join the queue for Stealth (a famous Thorpe Park rollercoaster), if we quickly join it now we will hopefully be able to fit in a ride before the park closes"

Maggie panicked a bit. What about her need to pee? She didnt want to disappoint Neil, but she was just starting to get a little desperate for the loo. Weighing up her options, Maggie resorted to saying yes. It was important to create a good impression, and she could hold it like an adult. The queue to the rollercoaster shouldn't be too long this late into the day, or so Maggie thought....

Half an hour had come and go, and Maggie and Neil, locked in a handhold, hadn't made a huge amount of progress to the start of the rollercoaster. What's more, Maggie was now needing a wee. Seriously needing a wee. The kind of need where you would drop everything you were doing to use a loo because you were struggling to concentrate on anything else. With her legs crossed, Maggie was finding keeping conversation flowing hard. Her need to pee was dominating her mind. Was joining the queue a mistake? Maggie had no idea that her bladder was going to fill up so rapidly after finishing her extra large slushy. Still, she could hold on, Maggie tried to reassure herself. Just try and keep her desperation concealed from Neil, jump on the rollercoaster and then hurry to the loos for a much needed wee. The plan seemed so simple in her head, but peering ahead at the large queue still ahead of her, Maggie felt a tinge of doubt creep into her mind.

Dancing slightly on the spot, Maggie was struggling to conceal her need which was getting worse and worse by the minute. She had been in the queue for 50 minutes, and despite being near the front she was now absolutely desperate for a wee. Within the last 5 minutes, the 20 years olds body had just started to be subject to large waves of desperation. Underneath her thong, her bald pussy tensed once more, as another shudder hit Maggie's body. She was struggling to stay calm, and hide her gripping need to use the loo from Neil. Another curtsey, another recrossed leg, another tapping of her foot.

It's no good. I'm going to have to say something. I've got to use the loo as an absolute priority now, or else i might not stay dry. Just as these thoughts began to creep into Maggie's mind and she was about to leave the queue on a mad hunt for the ladies, there was a call from the front.

"Any spare twos, any spare twos?"

Stealth was set up as four passengers per row. To Maggie's surprise everyone in front of her were in parties of 3 or more. It meant there was space for them. It all happened in a blur. Despite being bursting for the toilet, Maggie was now being piled onto the back of the rollercoaster. As the seatbelt fastened around her swollen bladder, she let out an audible grown and her body tensed hard to prevent a jet of urine erupting from her pussy.

It was going to be okay, Stealth is notoriously over in a flash and then I can make a sprint to the loo, Maggie thought to herself. She seriously didn't know how much longer she could keep holding, as another visible shudder rippled over her body, leaving her tanned skin full of goosebumps. At least sitting down was helping take the weight of her bladder somewhat.

Red light, red light, green!

The acceleration was immense. The carriage rattled up the steep slope, it's summit allowing a fantastic view for miles around. Maggie was studying to be a physicist so she loved understanding how Stealth worked. No engine, purely a spring based mechanism to get them over the first slope and then you let gravity do the rest. It was no doubt an impressive feat of engineering, not that Maggie was thinking about that right now. Instead she was just using all her might to stop any urine flowing out between her legs. As the carriage approached the brow of the hill, Maggie braced herself for the drop. Her eyes closed. Her hands gripping her seat.

But the drop never came. As Maggie opened her eyes, they quickly became wide with panic. The momentum hadn't been enough for whatever reason. They were stuck! "Oh no, oh no, oh no", Maggie couldn't help but mutter her disbelief out loud. What was she going to do? The 20 year old had never needed a wee this badly in her life. Maggie began to panic, she was on the verge of wetting herself.

###

15 miles away on the M25 and the actress Zendaya Coleman was sat in a taxi. She was due to be in Thorpe Park 20 minutes ago to set up for a film shoot once the public had gone home. Instead she was stuck in standstill traffic. In a tight miniskirt, Zendaya sat bouncing her legs together. She opened her phone and texted her best friend

"Am absolutely bursting for a wee, don't know if I can hold it much longer, OMG"

.......

END OF PART ONE

