Between the sheets...and into the mind [Ch1-Ch35] - Page 4

Author: Piddly

*076*2022-01-27 12:57

Thanks as ever for the feedback folks.

Apologies for the delay in updates too, work got a bit crazy! I should have some more submitted for approval later on today all being well.

Suspect there may be a bit of a time-jump on the cards, too. Nothing too dramatic, just maybe a leap forward to the appointment, and then a couple of weeks after that, otherwise this will literally take me all of my remaining years to write . We’re what, 34 chapters in so far, and it’s been less than a week in the characters lives.

I may try to box off “part 1” by chapter 50, up to whatever the appointment reveals, and then part 2 can take a slightly different direction. Maybe.

*077*2022-01-28 18:06

Chapter 35

McKenzie was never up early on a Sunday, never, it just didn’t happen. Of course, she usually was awake early, and typically had to get up to change herself and her bed, but then she’d snuggle back down under the covers and stay there as long as she could get away with. She’d usually surface just in time for lunch, and then assuming they didn’t have plans to go anywhere she’d stay in her fresh pyjamas for the rest of the day.

This Sunday, however, was different. Kenzie had awoken to that all too familiar discomfort a little before 7am, dragging herself from her bed with a tired groan, but once she’d taken care of the bedding she resisted the temptation to slip into clean PJ’s and crawl back into bed, instead picking out some of her favourite clothes to wear and heading off to the bathroom for an early shower to waken herself up fully, the sound of the shower rousing Lesley from her own slumber, although she merely rolled back over, determined to stay in bed for at least another hour, her body clock not yet having caught back up after the disturbed sleep earlier in the week.

Kenzie knew it was too early to blast her music as she showered, she’d only disturb the neighbours and put her Mum in a foul mood for the rest of the day, which was the last thing she wanted, so instead of hooking up her speaker she played a few quieter tunes directly on her phone as she washed and then took care of her hair, singling quite merrily to herself and full of the joys of spring (yes despite it being November!).

Showered, dressed and presentable, the excitable girl even spent a few productive minutes tidying her bedroom, although she couldn’t explain to herself why, its not as she was a little kid and would be bringing her friend up to show her bedroom, or to play together, but it just seemed to be the thing to do when a visitor was expected. Lesley had obviously taught her well. Next up was breakfast, and as there was so much spare time to kill Kenzie decided to go all-out and rustle up a full English for them both, figuring it would be a nice surprise for her Mum she she awoke, and would set them both up nicely for a later than normal lunch with Charlotte later.

“Mmm, morning sweetheart, ooh that smells delicious” Lesley had talked into the kitchen as Kenzie was cooking, dressed in her own night things still and sniffing the air expectantly, her eyes lighting up as she caught a glimpse of the feast that awaited her.

“Morning Mum, I was awake early so I thought why not. Everything’s ready, so grab yourself a coffee and take a seat.”

Lesley did as she was told, smiling at being waited on for a change rather than it being the other way around as it had been for most of the past 19 years. “I heard you up and about at the crack of dawn sweetie, everything ok?”

“Yeah mum, sorry if I disturbed you, I couldn’t sleep so thought there was no point lying in bed tossing and turning. I’ve had a shower, straightened my hair, even tidied my bedroom and now cooked breakfast, and all before half 8!”

“Blimey! If that’s the effect it has on you, do you reckon Charlotte would like to come for lunch every day??” Lesley couldn’t help herself, laughing as she made her little dig. Kenzie looked briefly affronted, but then joined in with the laughter. She knew it was all out of character for her, but she really was incredibly excited. Her and Charlotte had just ‘clicked’ in a way that she never had with other friends before, which was perhaps odd given the age gap, and she couldn’t want to see her again.

It was barely 9.30 when temptation got the better of her, and Kenzie fired off a quick text to Charlotte to make sure that she was still coming, although the reply didn’t come through until 45 minutes later, during which time Kenzie was on pins, worried that plans had changed or something had happened that meant Charlotte wouldn’t be able to come after all.

When her phone ‘pinged’, Kenzie had snatched it up so eagerly that it had flown out of her phone and bounced off the coffee table much to her frustration.

“Blimey Kenz, there’s only one 9.30 on a Sunday you know, and it certainly ain’t in the morning! Yep, course I’m still coming, but give us a chance to wake up will you. I’ll be getting the bus about 12 if that’s ok, so be with you by half past. Being cheeky I know, but do you reckon there’s any chance your Mum could drop me back off this afternoon? The buses on the estate are shocking on Sundays, and mum and dad are going out for the day.”

“Muuum, you’ll never believe it, Charlotte’s only just got up!”

“Funnily enough Kenz, I do believe it, because any other Sunday you wouldn’t have been out of your pit for at least another couple of hours! I can’t say I blame her making the most of a lazy Sunday morning”

Kenzie didn’t have any witty comeback to that, knowing Lesley was absolutely right, so she pretended she hadn’t heard and instead quickly cleared the lift home before messaging back. She of course knew it would be absolutely fine, but figured it’d be rude not to at least ask first. As expected, it prompted the usual friendly ribbing about still being ‘mum’s taxi’ to a 19 year old, and how she really needed to get a move on with booking her driving test.

It was noon before Lesley decided to go and get herself dressed, causing Kenzie to become increasingly anxious that her friend would arrive to find her still in her nightie, which would be “mortifying” as she kept pointing out, although she eventually dropped the subject after her mum had responded pointing out that she’d washed Charlotte’s urine soaked knickers and tights just a couple of days previously, so she was quite sure a dressing gown clad parent wasn’t going to come close to ‘mortifying’. Kenzie begged and pleaded with her Mum not to so much as mention that, nor embarrass her in any other way, and had squealed with frustration when she’d realised she was being deliberately wound up for Lesley’s amusement, the prerogative of any mum of a teenager.

At 12:30 almost on the dot, there came a gentle knock on the front door.

