Date Panic! - Page 10

Author: OmoCommando

*240*2014-03-12 07:48

"I think seeing that band is a good idea!" You say.

"Great! Let's go!" Nikki takes you by the hand excitedly and the two of you rush over to the nearby hall. A small place, big enough for roughly four hundred people, maybe. This place wasn't meant to have a lot of guests though. You look at the nearby poster to see what band it is.

"Deafening Silence". An all-female band with a music style that resembled some old styles of rock. Favoring guitars and an amped-up bass, they had a very adrenaline-pumping feel to them.

"Come on!" Nikki says to you. "Let's let loose and just have fun!" With the drinks the two of you have in you, you can't help but just break away from your shyness and just go wild with your eccentric date.

###

The two of you dance, dance and dance. Then you dance some more. The girl's energy seemed limitless. You, however, were reaching your breaking point.

"Ha ha ha!" Nikki laughs as you bend over in exhaustion. "Come on, you can't tell me you've never partied like this before!" You shake your head. Your red-haired date isn't even slowing down.

As the song ends, Nikki nudges you. "I'll tell you what: Let's go to the bathroom real quick. That'll give you time to rest while I take a quick leak."

Crafty, this girl. Your stamina was running low. You might not have another dance left in you. This date would end in disgrace if you were to collapse from exhaustion. But you had to keep Nikki from going to bathroom. Oh, what a dilemma!

What should you do?

> Try to dance for a little longer

> Go with her to the bathroom

> Go get some drinks (10 cR)

> Head back to the casino

> Ask if she is willing to wet herself

> Other

Current Trust Level: Very friendly

Current Desperation Level: Unable to hold still

