A Messy Vacation

Author: lonerwolf

*000*2023-03-24 15:46

Hey guys I am back or I should say that we are back with another story. This is a collaborative work by me and @btkdaku

. Let's see how this one goes. Hope you will enjoy reading it.

Chapter-01

"Hurry up Amina we are getting late for the airport." Areeba said to Amina while honking the horn of her car. Her daughter Neha was already sitting in the middle row of the SUV playing with the phone of her mother. "Coming in a minute." Amina replied from inside. After a while there was no sign of Amina so Areeba started honking the horn again. Amina again responded "I am coming Baji."

The three ladies Areeba, Amina and Neha were going to the airport to pick up Mariam, the niece of Areeba and Amina and from there to the hill station of Murree for a vacation. Areeba was 36 years old with a fair complexion and a decent height of 5'09''. Seeing her it can't be said that she was that old. She had maintained her body very well. She always wore traditional salwar kameez. Amina was 27 years old and quite attractive at that. She was almost 6 feet tall. She had long hair that fell to her lower back, and she had a stunning hourglass figure. Amina was sexy and she knew it too. She always wore clothes that stuck close to her body and were tight. She wore a black Kameez with a low neckline that was especially tight around her bust and her waist. Neha was 16 years old and had all the traits of her mother. She was wearing a pair of jeans and a flowery cotton shirt with flower patterns on it.

Eventually Amina came outside carrying a basket full of water bottles, juices, cold drinks and snacks for the road trip. She sat in the car and they were good to go. "I am so excited." said Areeba. To which Amina responded "Me too, last time we saw her she was in her nappies." They continued talking about Mariam's childhood till they reached the airport. Areeba stayed in the car while Amina and Neha went to terminal 2 where Mariam was supposed to be after the flight had landed.

When the went there the flight had already landed and passengers had started to come out. Then came out Mariam a beautiful, tall grown up girl with complexion as fair as milk. She was wearing a white tank top with denim shorts and a pair of leather boots. "Look chachi it's Mariam didi." Neha shouted when she saw Mariam. "Yes I can see." They immediately recognized each other and Mariam greeted Amina and Neha in her American accent. Her parents settled in Chicago before she was born. Last time she visited Pakistan was when she was only 2 years old. It's been 20 years since then.

They went towards the car where Areeba was waiting to meet her niece. Areeba was so excited to see Mariam that she ran towards Mariam and hugged her almost choking the poor girl. Then she started pulling her cheeks and said "my little princess is looking so pretty." Mariam gave a little smile as a thanking gesture with a little blush on her face. Everybody likes compliments and she was not any different.

They all settled down and Areeba drove away the from the airport. Not too far away from the airport, Areeba stopped her car near a fancy restaurant and turned around and said "Mariam you have been in the flight for so long, you must be hungry. Let's eat something first and then we can continue our journey." Mariam nodded.

They went inside the restaurant and ordered some 'kadhai chicken' with garlic naan and some soft drinks. Soon the order was placed on their table and began eating it. The chicken was too spicy for Mariam and Neha so they were consuming a crazy amount of soft drinks with it. Seeing Neha drinking her 4th glass of cola, Amina spoke up "Neha beta, you have a long drive ahead of you. You shouldn’t drink that much." She blushed a little as she said "don’t say that in front of everyone. I am 16 years old now. I am not some little kid."

Amina laughed at her little outburst and patted her head. "Don't you remember what happened last time?" She chuckled. Neha was blushing furiously and was trying to cover her face. She had nothing to say about it. Mariam was curious to know what was her chachi talking about. She asked, "what happened chachi, tell me."

"Well....." Before Amina could speak she was cut off by Neha immediately and Mariam was left with nothing but speculation. When they had finished and paid the bill, Areeba said to Neha and Mariam "beta you should go susu (pee) before getting into the car." Neha was too stubborn and wanted to prove that she is a grown up and can control her urges. Mariam didn't had to go at that time she was not taking any chances so she went to the toilet. It was an Indian-style toilet with very little space to move around. Mariam had never used such toilet before so she avoided using it and returned back. They again set off for their destination.

They all listened to music and played road trip games as they made their way to their destination. By the time they had managed to leave the city and were heading towards the hilly road leading to Murree. They were already a little behind schedule because of all the traffic that they had faced while still inside the city. Now, by this time Mariam had started feeling the effects of all the liquids she had consumed during the day. All that liquid had made its way through her system and was now filtering steadily into her kidneys.

Luckily she saw a rest area. She was hopeful that they would stop there and she would have that opportunity to go visit the restroom. Her need to pee grew steadily as they approached the entry point of the rest area and by the time they were almost there she was seriously bursting. But to her surprise, her aunt made no move to slow down the car and they sped past the rest areas and through the toll booth. She didn’t know what to do.

She had been banking on that rest area stop and now that they weren’t stopping there she seriously felt that she had made a mistake. What could she even do? She was 22 years old. The sun had started to go down by now, so maybe she could get away with just peeing on the side of the road. But the thought of asking her aunt to pull over for something like that was too embarrassing to even think about.

However, to her pleasant surprise, Neha spoke up before she had a chance to say anything.

"Ammi, why aren’t we stopping at the rest area?” Neha was also looking uncomfortable. Mariam could tell that she was desperate for a pee because of how she sat with her legs crossed over one another. Her long shirt covered her crotch and Mariam could tell that her hand was disappearing somewhere underneath that shirt to help hold her crotch. She was also rubbing her thighs against each other as she bit her lip and looked expectantly at her mother.

“We’re already late as in, Beta.” Aunt Areeba replied. “These roads aren’t that safe during night time.”

“Oh, you mean we aren’t stopping until we get to the hotel?” Neha was seriously worried too. After all, she had also had the soft drinks.

“Do we need to?” Aunt Areeba asked, her eyes focused on the road.

“Well, it’s just…” Neha trailed off. Mariam could see even in the dying sunlight that her cheeks were flushed slightly red. Maybe she was hesitant to speak up because Mariam was there. But Aunt Amina finished her sentence for her.

She looked back at the worried Neha and gave her a comforting smile before turning back to Aunt Areeba. “I think I know the problem, baaji,” she said to Aunt Areeba. “I think little Miss Neha needs to go potty.” She chuckled lightly as she said this, and Neha blushed even redder.

“Is that true Neha?” Aunt Areeba looked at her daughter in the rearview mirror.

Neha nodded her blushing face as a way of answer.

“Tsk tsk tsk,” Aunt Areeba tutted. “This is why I told you to go to the bathroom before we left. Now is it number 1 or number 2?”

Neha was embarrassed even more by this question by her mother. I could see it in how red her cheeks flushed. “Susu aayi hai,” she replied. ( I need to go pee.)

Her mother shook her head in disappointment again. “Can you hold it until we get to the hotel?” Aunt Areeba asked her daughter.

Neha seemed to consider this, but even as she was thinking her hand burrowed itself even deeper into her crotch. “Pata nahi. Bohat zor ki aa rhi hai.” ( I don’t know. The pressure is really high).

“Ok beta.” Aunt Areeba started going a little faster after she realized the intensity of her teenage daughter’s need. “I’ll see if I can find a place to stop.”

This is good. Mariam thought to herself. In this way she could go along with Neha and relieve herself.

Or so she thought.

As the minutes ticked by her need grew at an alarming rate. It seemed like all the liquid in her body had made its way to her bladder which was now very very full. First, she crossed my legs over one another, and then a few minutes later she started holding herself as she squirmed in her seat.

“Do you have to go susu as well?” Neha asked after she saw Mariam's predicament.

Mariam blushed at her question, but she didn’t know what to say. It was embarrassing to accept that she was absolutely dying for a piss – especially because she was older than her. Still, the truth couldn’t be hidden for long.

“Just a little bit,” she lied, even as her bladder screamed for relief. “But it's not a problem. I can hold it until we get to the hotel.” Neha nodded at her answer, convinced by her lie.

Ten more minutes went by without any sign of a bathroom. The sun had set by now and it was dark enough in the car that both Mariam and Neha had fully resorted to holding themselves on the backseat. It was starting to get seriously tough to hold it all in now.

Neha spoke up again. “Ammi, can’t you please find a place to stop? It’s really urgent now.”

Areeba kept her eyes on the road while Aunt Amina turned to Neha to give her encouragement. “It’s not far now, beta,” she said to Neha. “Just hold on for a few more minutes and I’m sure we will find a bathroom.” But while Neha nodded mutedly, Mariam knew her time was almost up. By now the signals from her bladder were getting too hard to reject. Her last hope had been the fact that they might stop the car for Neha somewhere but even that was looking like a faraway possibility now.

An especially strong twinge from my bladder made her wince, and at the same time her Chachi turned the car along a sharp turn. The pressure from her bladder, coupled with the sudden change in direction made her lose control for just a couple of seconds. Hot piss exploded out of her pussy and wet her yellow panties and the crotch of her shorts. She regained control almost immediately, and grabbed her crotch extra hard to stop any other leakages. She cursed under her breath as she realized that there was a small damp patch on her crotch. It was still small enough that she could hide it until they got to the hotel, but they had to stop very very soon or else…

She didn’t even want to think about or else.

Mariam looked over at Neha again, who was also looking like she was at her limit. She was bouncing up and down on her seat now and both of her hands were between her legs firmly. Mariam's only hope was that they would stop the car for Neha and she could just jump out and pee.

After Areeba made another rash turn Mariam's bladder lurched in her body. She did everything in my power to hold back the flood inside her, but her peehole relaxed once again.

Hot urine burst out of her peehole and began to spray her panties and shorts. She managed to stem the flow after 7-8 seconds but the damage had been done. The pee had leaked out and wet the front of her shorts before flowing down. It had made its way through her inner upper thighs and then down to her buttocks. Even though it would be hard to tell because of the darkness, there was a wet stain all along her thighs and butt.

It seemed like Neha had reached her limit because she shouted a few seconds later. “AMMI GAADI ROKO WARNA SUSU ANDER HEE NIKAL JAYEGI.” ( Mom please stop the car or else my pee will come out.)

Areeba, realizing the severity of the situation, hit the brakes and the car swerved onto the side of the road where there was a grassy patch with bushes and vegetation on the side.

Even though most of the pee was still inside Mariam, she had definitely had an accident that she wouldn’t be able to hide. She was now blushing bright red and She had a few tears forming in her eyelids. She looked over at Neha who was still bouncing on her seat violently.

Not only had she wet myself like a child, she hadn’t even been able to outlast her younger cousin. How would she ever live down this embarrassment of peeing her pants as a 22 year old.

As the tires skidded across the asphalt the last of my defenses crumbled away.

PSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

As Mariam sat there with her legs crossed, her bladder exploded with hot, embarrassing pee, one last time. She let out a small whimper as the golden liquid of her shame filled her panties and then her shorts.

Amina turned to me as she heard the noise and gasped before covering her mouth with her hand due to the surprise. Areeba was too busy looking worried for her daughter as the car skidded to a stop.

As soon as the car stopped Neha threw open the door and jumped out. Even as Mariam watched the back of Neha's jeans for any signs of an accident, her own pee continued to gusher out of her unabated. Her shorts continued to get wetter and now the stain underneath her started to grow wider and wider.

Neha, who had only just gotten out of the car, had both hands jammed between her legs. She looked from left to right, before deciding that she couldn’t risk running to find cover in the bushes. She pulled up her long shirt and tucked it under her chin before yanking down her jeans and her panties.

Mariam could just about make out a slight wet spot on her panties as she fell to a squat, but her jeans seemed to be spotless. Even before she had fully fallen to a squat a torrent of piss burst out of her peehole.

PSHTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT

The sound of her piss hitting the grass underneath boomed throughout the area as Mariam managed to regain control over my own accident. Amina still had her hand covering her mouth when she spoke next “Hawww! Mariam. Ye kya kiya tumnay? Itni badi ho ke bhi susu kar diya andar hee?” (Translation: What did you do Mariam? You wet your pants at such a big age?)

The only thing she could do was sniffle as Neha finished her pee on the side of the road. She got up and pulled up her clothes, and despite the fact that her cheeks were still flushed red, there was a sort of triumphant smile on her face because of the fact that she had outlasted her older cousin.

Mariam bursted out in tears. She started weeping badly. She has never faced such embarrassment. Areeba and Neha tried to console her but Amina got no chill. She started taunting her by saying "last time we saw you in your nappies and looks like you still need one." Areeba tried to silence her but she continued scolding her. Areeba asked Amina to shut up in a very authoritative manner. Amina obliged. Areeba now politely asked Neha to move to the backseat of the car and let Mariam sit in the dry area of the middle row. She then asked Mariam to take off her wet clothes so that she could place them near the A.C. and let them dry.

She pulled down her shorts but was too shy to pull down her panties. Areeba said, "beta take them out as well. We are all ladies, besides there is nothing we haven't seen already. She did as she was told. She slid down her yellow panties and gave it Areeba. Sitting bare bottom in front of her aunts and younger cousin was still very embarrassing for Mariam. She was trying to cover her pussy with her hands. Amina firmly said to Mariam, "beta if you want to go to the toilet, let us know and until we can find one hold it in." Mariam nodded as her head sank in shame.

Nearly an hour into the drive, it was pitch black and hardly any other car was seen on the road. Mariam was still sitting bare bottom as her clothes had not dried yet. Amina was busy playing games trying to distract her from the urge to pee, Areeba had her focus on the road but she had also started the sensation to pee and Neha was fast asleep. Mariam felt a slight tingling sensation again. But this time it was not in her bladder but in her bowels. She had to poop. "This trip couldn't get any worse." She thought to herself. All that kadhai chicken was wanting its way out of her body.

No rest area could be seen nearby. This only made her more anxious. She started fidgeting shifting her weight from one butt cheek to another. Areeba and Amina could now hear constant voices of shuffling and loud rumbling that was coming from Mariam's stomach. Amina turned back and saw Mariam struggling. Amina asked "is everything ok beta?" To which Mariam responded, "Chachi I need to use the bathroom." This time she not hesitant to speak it out loud as she didn't want to end up having another accident.

"I really don't think there are any rest areas nearby." Amina said. This made Mariam worried. "Don't worry I will stop the car where there is enough pasture. Hold it till then." said Areeba. Mariam could do nothing but clench her bowels as hard as she could.

15 minutes passed by like this. There was no sign of any rest area and the car was not slowing down either. Mariam became more and more desperate. A huge amount of poop was piling up inside her bowels. After a certain point Mariam could not help herself but she started farting out loud. The smell of the farts could choke anyone to death. Knowing that the situation was severe and luckily there was nobody around Areeba started pulling over to the side of the road and asked Mariam to pop a squat on the side of the road. As soon as the car pulled over Mariam jumped out of the car like a kangaroo not caring that she had worn nothing under her waist and started relieving herself.

Huge turds of poop coming out were burning her butthole. Amina opened the front door as well to give her cover. Both the ladies were watching her go making their situations a little bit tense. Mariam was not used to squatting and relieving herself so her legs were becoming numb and it was becoming difficult for her to even hold her own weight. Eventually her legs gave up and she sat down in her own mess while still in full flow. She immediately clenched with all her might to close her butthole but the damage was done. Here entire but was covered with poop.

"Oh no! poor girl has fallen." Areeba quickly got out of the car and grabbed Mariam by both her armpits and grabbed her up. "beta quickly finish up your business." Areeba said. Mariam relaxed herself again and started releasing turds again. When she was finished, she said "Chachi I am done." like a toddler. Areeba asked Amina to pass a water bottle. She gave the water bottle. With Areeba grabbing her, Mariam was not able to reach her butt. So Areeba asked Amina "AMINA MAI AKELE YEH NAHI KAR PAUNGI ZARA MARIAM KA PICHWADA DHO DO." (Amina I won't be able to do it alone, so come here and clean Mariam's bottom.)

Though she was disgusted by this thought, she knew that there was no other option. She got out if the car and started sprinkling water on her niece's butt and then cleaning the smear on it. The sensation of the cold water and another woman touching her butt made Mariam uncomfortable and aroused at the same time. Amina's situation was not any different. Though she was disgusted with the fact that her hands were covered with poop but she was also liking touching Mariam's soft and tender butt.

Eventually Amina was able to clean off her entire butt and they sat inside. Areeba ordered Amina not to utter a single word out her throat about this incident. She respected her baaji and couldn't deny her command. Mariam was also very ashamed and not a single letter was uttered by her. She had embarrassed herself not only once but twice on the day 1 of coming to Pakistan. There was almost a deafening silence in the car. She just wanted to forget about these horrific incidents.

TO BE CONTINUED

Chapter-2 will be uploaded by @btkdaku as soon as he gets time. Thank you for reading. Do let us know your views about this idea. If you have any suggestions or ideas to be implemented in the upcoming chapters or any requests other than this series feel free to share them. We will surely consider them.

