HARD BOILED LEGS: A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure - Page 2

Author: frostyjr2

*027*2013-12-13 18:56

Hang in there, good people...

The next episode of HARD BOILED LEGS should be up within 24 hours !

*029*2013-12-14 13:37

As promised, here for your amusement, the latest installment of HARD BOILED LEGS.

We hope most sincerely that you will enjoy it, and take the time to leave us a comment !

CHAPTER 5:

DRESSED TO THRILL

"Oooh, I simply love this dress," Megan cooed, so happy and excited now as she flipped through all of the beautiful vintage clothing items inside the large wardrobe, quickly forgetting her quite recent embarrassment and humiliation.

A small pile of clothes lay at the foot of her bed, a pair of wet shorts and saturated black knickers delicately topping the stack. Sarah watched her lover's pert bare bottom wiggle as she browsed, her entirely naked form both breathtaking and hypnotic.

Megan’s uncanny ability to switch moods was remarkable to Sarah, and it was one of the things she loved best in her.

The dress in question was actually quite lovely, Sarah had to agree as Megan pulled it out of the wardrobe on its wooden hanger and laid it carefully on the bed.

It was navy blue chiffon, sleeveless, with a high neckline, a fitted top with a high collar and a full gathered A-line skirt over a silk lining, the two sections separated by a cummerbund-like pleated belt at the waist. She looked at it and grinned in delight before padding back over to the wardrobe and rifling through some more.

"These are so cute! OMG, I love them!" Megan exclaimed, holding up a pair of old fashioned high-waisted sheer lace peach colored knickers with garters attached.

Sarah couldn't help but agree once more, noticing how the color really set off her lover's fair skin.

As Megan stepped into them and pulled them up her shapely legs, she had to shimmy, wriggle like a squirmy little worm, and tug at the tight, stretchy fabric rather fiercely in order to get them past the curve of her hips and bottom, although she was of slender build.

Suddenly Sarah could see the appeal of this type of underwear; it may have been totally impractical and unsuited to the modern lifestyle, but it was certainly not without its charm!

Then Megan sat at the vanity with both of her long legs off to one side of the chair, and looking into the large mirror, she leaned slightly forward as she pulled the matching bustier up over her pert, pink nippled breasts, seating them in the formed cups of it.

"Would you do me up, please?" Megan asked Sarah, giving her a flirty look from under her bangs as she stood up and turned her back to her, holding the two sides of the bustier in her hands.

Sarah began to attach the hook and eyelet closures slowly, deliberately taking her time and savouring the moment. Leaning in closely and breathing in the beautiful girl's scent, the urge to plant a kiss on her was almost overwhelming, but she resisted, somehow.

Feeling Sarah's hot breath on the side of her neck, Megan shivered a little in delight, goose bumps rising on her skin and her nipples standing firm, pressing into the material of the bustier.

When the closures had all been fastened, Sarah admired her lover's beautiful form. Never had the curves of her exceptional figure been set off so nicely as they were now... she was simply stunning!

"Megan, those classic pin-up girls have nothing on you, save possibly a couple of extra pounds here and there," Sarah said with a smile. Seeing her lover looking so fetching, she couldn't resist giving Megan a playful smack on her lovely bottom, encased as it was in those incredibly tight lace panties.

"Ohhh!" Megan gasped.

The unfamiliar sensations of the vintage undergarments on her body were voluptuously sensuous and she was already aroused from the mere act of putting them on; her slick girlish juices were starting to dampen the unlined crotch of the lacy knickers she was wearing, but now that firm slap on her bottom had her oozing with heightened delight.

Of course, added on top of that was the familiar feeling of her near-incessant need to pee.

OMG, she had wet herself fully only just a short time before... but after such a long hold, her muscles were always so weak, and she was prone to subsequent accidents.

"Sarah, please, I really need to..." she said softly before her voice trailed off.

Megan needed to pee again, and she needed to have an orgasm badly now as well. It was hard for her to tell which she needed more urgently, but Sarah made the decision for her as she got down on her knees in front of her and began to caress Megan's tightly sheathed bottom through that pair of sheer lacy peach knickers. As her hand strayed down between Megan's thighs, and rose to cup her sweet womanhood through her panties, Sarah could feel the wetness already gathering there, and smell the delightful aroma of Megan in heat.

Just as Megan began to respond to her caresses, trembling ever so slightly, Sarah suddenly stopped.

“We really need to be getting ready, sweetie. There will be plenty of time for this later, I promise.”

Keeping Megan in a state of desperate anticipation was one of Sarah’s favourite pastimes, and she was very good at it by now.

Megan sighed in frustration, but knew there was no arguing the point in any way. Once Sarah had made up her mind, that was that, and her own wishes didn’t really enter into it. Quite frankly, there was a part of her that found it truly satisfying to be obedient, and to do just as she was told like a good little girl, at least as long as it was Sarah who was doing the telling.

With a small shrug of disappointment, she turned back towards the vanity and sat down again, picking up a flat rectangular pink box that was laying on it. Removing the top, she found the box contained a pair of sheer black nylon stockings.

Well, two can play at this game, Megan said to herself, a little smile on her lovely lips.

She pulled a stocking out of the box, balled up a hand and thrust it into it so that her long sculpted fingernails wouldn’t snag the delicate nylon fabric, and then rolled the stocking around her hand. She languidly drew a leg up, pointing her foot like a ballerina so that she could put the stocking on it, and then unrolled it slowly up, up past her toned calf to her lean muscled thigh, smoothing it out with both hands after getting it positioned so that the seam in back ran straight up parallel to the line of her leg, then fastened it there firmly with the snaps of the garters.

Meanwhile, Sarah had stopped her own preparations in order to watch Megan as she got into her stockings. It was almost as sensual as watching her undress, really, and she couldn’t take her eyes off of her lover for even a moment as the beautiful girl seated at the vanity repeated the operation with the other stocking now. Sarah could feel her own girl juices beginning to flow, creating a welcome damp stickiness down between her legs and making her want so badly to touch herself, but she wouldn’t give Megan the satisfaction of knowing she was getting aroused, not yet anyhow.

The little minx, I’ll make her pay for this! Oh, she’ll be begging me to let her pee and make her happy before the night is through…

Sarah smiled at the thought of the fun they would be having together later.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*035*2013-12-16 13:33

{{:

Frosty adds some personal experience and fine attention to detail to Orango's storyline ( do I have that right) and what we have is a excellent tale of female sensuality and of course pee desperation. I loved it and anxiously await the next installment after this tease.

}}

Actually, orango was kind enough to let me formulate the plot / storyline for Hard Boiled Legs.

We are sharing the writing duties, and much of what people love best about these stories is still his own work:

- his amazingly detailed and erotic descriptions of female desperation, for example.

I have no idea how he does it, but it is as if he can see inside my head sometimes and extract the pure essence of what i feel.

I'm glad you think we make a good team; there is certainly no doubt of it in my mind, and the proof is that even we sometimes find it hard to remember who has done what after our bits have been merged; it is pretty seamless, truly.

To all, thanks for taking the time to read, and to comment !

*038*2013-12-20 07:18

This is actually the 4th Megan and Sarah story now... see "The First Desperate Encounter" by orango.

Meanwhile, the next chapter of this one should be ready to post over the weekend !

*041*2013-12-21 12:55

Well, knowing little erica as i do, i'm pretty sure she won't get through the entire story without a 'wee accident' of her own !

But you'll have to be patient... in the meantime, here's the latest chapter of HBL:

CHAPTER 6:

MEET THE FAMILY

Sarah had chosen a dress for herself in an almost identical shade of navy blue to Megan's.

The dress was sleeveless, just as Megan's was, but this one was a shift style with three decorative copper buttons on the left side of its asymmetrical foldover ascot-style collar, and also one on each side of the narrow belt which covered the gathered folds of fabric at the top and bottom.

Now, an hour and a half after they had arrived, and with both of them dressed in their beautifully complementary vintage outfits, the two girls were finally ready for the evening ahead.

Megan was certainly ready to go find the bathroom, and she was more than a little miffed at least one of their rooms hadn't been furnished with an en suite. Looking at her watch and seeing it was almost eight o'clock, Sarah poured the remaining dregs from the last of the two bottles of complimentary water that had been left in each of their rooms, then handed Megan the glass.

"We might as well finish this off, it's a shame to waste it, and I don't want any more." Sarah said, smiling.

Megan wasn't sure Sarah had actually had any at all, but she drank it anyway, figuring they were bound to pass a bathroom on the way down to dinner. OMG, she certainly hoped they would, it was going to be a long and challenging evening if they didn't.

Gulping it down and placing the glass gently on the side, they left the privacy and warmth of their interconnecting rooms behind, stepping through the threshold and out into the comparatively cool hallway. Giving a little shiver and pressing her thighs together, Megan felt suddenly exceptionally desperate. The urge to pee had abruptly rocketed from a tolerable but squirmy 6 or 7, to an eye watering (or should that be wee hole watering?) 9 or even 10 as the peak of the wave pushed her already exhausted muscles to their limit.

Squirming and holding her breath, the urge thankfully passed as rapidly as it had come, but she seriously doubted she had the strength to wait until after dinner.

“I wonder what the chances would be of finding a loo in this place. I know it’s an old building, but they must have them, surely!” Megan said, trying to ask as subtly as possible for permission to pee, but failing to actually ask at all.

“I suppose there must be, somewhere. But we don’t have time to go hunting for one right now, we’re running late already.” Sarah said, shutting down the avenue of conversation and ensuring Megan knew exactly what lay in store for her over the next few hours.

Looking down at the floor, Megan impulsively began to sigh rather loudly before catching herself, changing it into a feigned cough at the last moment to try and cover it up. She was worried that if she protested, she wouldn't be allowed to pee at all tonight, and that would really be a disaster! Dinner alone was certainly going to be a real test of her willpower and strength.

As they began to walk down the corridor hand in hand, Megan felt a little anxious at the prospect of facing Cervin again. Oh, the shame!

Approaching the scene of her earlier embarrassment, a dark damp blotch on the carpet ensured that Megan was instantly reminded of the circumstances of her humiliating accident, just a few hours previously. Looking sheepish and blushing brightly, Megan relived the mortifying moment in her mind, thinking about how amazing it had felt to finally just pee after desperately holding it in for such a long time. Her bladder still felt tender from that hold, and given the opportunity she’d have been for another wee long before now. She gave her tummy a reassuring rub in a bid to ease the uncomfortable fullness that was starting to plague her thoughts, a move not lost on Sarah. With her muscles feeling so weak, the mental image of her earlier loss of control was almost too much for her to take. Megan curtsied deeply as she stopped walking for a moment, crossing one leg over the other, before regaining just a little control and composure.

Grinning inwardly to herself as she watched, Sarah squeezed Megan’s hand tenderly. The sight of her lover’s pee dance, albeit brief, was enough to spark the fire of arousal all over again, not that it had really been extinguished from earlier. Feeling the fluids of her arousal gathering in the one place she longed to be touched, she realised dinner was going to be much more fun than she’d originally anticipated.

Just maybe this weekend won't be such a waste of time after all! Sarah thought.

With a mischievous smile, she stepped into the spot where Megan had made her puddle earlier as they walked past, hearing it squelch under her foot as she did.

Strolling arm in arm past a series of open doors that had been closed when they arrived, they were afforded brief glances into the inner workings of the mansion. Hoping to find the bathroom herself, if only to keep Megan away from it, Sarah peeked into each.

In the very last room, there was a man seated at a desk, and a woman standing on his right side next to a filing cabinet. The man was wearing a light brown suit, and the woman, who was a very pretty brunette, had on a tight fitting slate blue dress with a white collar, which looked almost like a sailor's middy blouse. The window was open just a bit despite the chill of the evening air, and the curtains stirred slightly from a gentle breeze, which had also apparently blown a piece of paper off of the desk and onto the floor near the woman's feet. The woman was young, no more than in her mid to late twenties, while the man was at least a good thirty years her senior. The woman's right hand was resting on the open top drawer of the filing cabinet and she was looking down at the piece of paper on the floor as if she had just noticed it, while the seated man appeared to be unaware that one of the papers from the stack in front of him had just fallen.

What made the scene both fascinating and eerie all at once was that there was a painting hanging on the back wall of the room, which must have been an office or study of some sort. The painting was a perfect reproduction of Edward Hopper's 1940 masterpiece, 'Office At Night', and it seemed to be almost exactly mirroring the scene that Sarah had glimpsed through the open doorway as the girls passed by without eliciting so much as a glance in their direction from the duo inside the room, who were obviously engrossed in their work.

With not even a hint of a toilet anywhere however, they eventually reached the top of the stairway. Suddenly, Sarah felt an uncharacteristic uneasiness, as if she were being watched, and the fine hairs on the back of her neck stood on end. Glancing quickly behind her, she shivered as she made visual contact with the big blue eye, as she had come to call it.

That sculpture... it really was quite unnerving for some reason. She gave Megan's hand another gentle squeeze, although this one was more to reassure herself, if she had to be quite honest about it.

As they ambled down the grand staircase from whence they arrived, Megan seemed almost to glide she was so graceful. In reality, her light footfalls were to ensure she didn’t jolt the contents of her full bladder into the curiously sensual material of her knickers. The distant sounds of people chattering and laughing could be heard somewhere still out of sight, and Sarah took one last opportunity to drink in the sight and smell of the beauty on her arm.

In response to a cool breeze drifting gently up the staircase, Megan’s dress billowed slightly, gracing Sarah with a glance at her gorgeous toned calf muscles flexing as she descended the staircase, wrapped like a Christmas present in those sexy stockings. In the same instant her sweet, dark and exquisitely intoxicating perfume, Opium by Yves Saint Laurent, drifted through the air, triggering an involuntary swoon of desire. Feeling hot and jittery from arousal, Sarah could barely contain her exhilaration as images of the wonderful things they would be doing together later flooded into her mind.

Let’s get this dinner over with as quickly as possible, both girls thought in unison, although for slightly different reasons.

When the two girls reached the foot of the stairs they were met by Cervin, who quickly bowed his head formally so that both he and Megan were able to avoid meeting each other’s eyes. Blushing brightly yet again, Megan took a step back and tried to hide herself behind Sarah, desperately wishing she had powers of invisibility.

“Your presence is requested in the salon, Mesdames,” he said, gesturing towards a set of large double doors at the other end of the hallway without looking up.

“His Lordship asked me to make his excuses. He has some work to attend to, but he also asked me to tell you that he shall most certainly be joining you before dinner; in the meantime, you are to please make yourselves at home.”

Finally daring to look up, he said, “Dinner will be served shortly.”

Then he moved away, back in the direction of the kitchen, just as quickly as decorum would allow.

Following her ears, Sarah strode confidently into the large salon with a very nervous, uncomfortable, and squirmy Megan on her arm. Megan was discreetly battling another sudden urge to wee right then and there, which would certainly have been inappropriate given the circumstances. Pausing for a moment inside the doorway, Megan stood as naturally and casually as the sudden and intensely desperate urge would allow, scanning the room for some familiar and friendly faces. Of the four people that were currently stood inside however, they recognised just two of them: Lady Daghly, whom they had met briefly on arrival, and one of the corporate vice presidents, the infamous Wan Yu Gigg herself.

Wan Yu Gigg had somewhat of a reputation within the company for being what would be termed a 'hard ass' in American slang. She was certainly a no-nonsense person, and if there was anyone in the world Megan didn't want to have an accident in front of, it would be her.

Having visited the manor previously, Wan Yu was quite aware of the unusual dress code, so she was attired in her own clothing, but her outfit was retro enough to fit right into the 1940 era. She was wearing a beautiful bespoke medium grey shantung silk women's suit, with a short fitted jacket and a tight skirt falling to just above her knees, and a white matte silk blouse underneath. Her shoes were by Maud Frizon, her wristwatch was a classic white gold Patek Phillippe, her eyeglasses were Armani. Her perfume was Caron Poivre, a fragrance that was strong and aggressive, with the smell of cloves, red and black pepper, and other spices... everything about her was elegant and expensive and obviously, although not ostentatiously, so.

She was tall, over 6 feet tall in fact, and slender. Her long straight hair was almost jet black, but her skin was quite pale, with an ethereal, almost translucent quality. She had steel grey eyes, an oval face with a high forehead and rather full, sensuous lips which were painted with a very retro shade of shiny red lip gloss at the moment.

Wan Yu's strangely exotic beauty could possibly be explained by the fact that she was the product of an Irish father and a half-Japanese, half-Chinese mother; but it truly needed no explanation; when she was in a room, most people simply found it difficult if not impossible to look at anything or anyone else.

As for her mind and her personality, it was said that she could speak ten different languages fluently, that she was a member of Mensa, and that she had an almost non-existent sense of humour.

Wan Yu Gigg was deep in hushed conversation with a short, squat little fireplug of a man who was making a real effort not to stare at the statuesque beauty's chest, despite the fact that her rather prominent breasts were right in front of his eyes. The man had a bald head and he was wearing thick glasses with heavy black frames. For some reason, he reminded Sarah of an Asian version of the singer Elvis Costello, and she laughed to herself as the thought flitted through her mind. Wan Yu and he were discussing some very esoteric IT type of thing in terms that were so utterly incomprehensible to Megan it sounded almost as if they were speaking a foreign language.

The one thing she could make out clearly was that they kept saying "I pee" to each other over and over again, but that couldn't really be it, now, could it? In any case, she really didn't need to be reminded of any kind of urge at this point.

Feeling her brimming bladder straining against her weak and quivering muscles, she crossed her legs tightly to help prevent yet another embarrassing situation from becoming a grim reality. Getting through the next hour or so was going to be quite the challenge, she was sure of that now.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*042*2013-12-21 13:08

And, as a little early Xmas present from orango and i to you all, here's another chapter to enjoy !

CHAPTER 7:

DINNER AT EIGHT

Lady Daghly stood in the very center of the room, with the other guests arrayed around her like planets around the sun.

The dress she was wearing was a bit risqué, Sarah thought. It was a vampish slinky bias-cut number in silver satin, with a deeply plunging neckline that exposed quite a bit of her ample bosom and cleavage, and it was obvious that at one point in her life she had been a great beauty. Although she was just a bit past her prime now, she still had the wonderful facial bone structure and the long shapely legs that had made her a top fashion model in her day.

As for those breasts, well… Sarah was pretty sure that somewhere along the line, nature had gotten just a little boost from modern medicine.

At the back of the salon, there was an extraordinarily good looking fellow leaning against the mantel of the fireplace. He was wearing a dark chocolate brown suit, with a white dress shirt and a yellow silk tie. He had medium brown and cream coloured leather wingtip oxford shoes on his feet, and a two olive vodka martini in one hand. As the girls approached, he stuck out his other hand towards them and said, "I'm Swain... Hansom Swain."

You certainly are, Megan thought, smiling at him and shaking the hand on offer. And he has a nice firm grip, too.

“Stirred, not shaken, unlike that other guy. The martini, that is... not the hand.”

He smiled at his own remark, exposing the straightest and whitest set of teeth Sarah had ever seen in her entire life.

"I'm Sarah Morgan, and this is Megan Parker. Pleased to meet you."

"The pleasure is entirely mine," Swain replied, giving both girls the once over from head to toe. "Seeing as how the butler has abandoned us for the moment, can I pour you a drink?"

"Nothing for me, thank you," Megan said quickly before Sarah could accept on her behalf. She was squirming almost imperceptibly and holding the hem of her dress with tightly clenched fists, a complete giveaway to anyone that knew the signs that she was beyond ready and totally desperate to do another wee, and probably would be very shortly whether she found that blasted bathroom or not.

Sarah smiled inwardly, thinking, Oh my, the poor little girl must be almost ready to burst again, and we've hardly even begun...

"I'll have a Vodka Collins, thanks," Sarah grinned. "Are you quite sure you won't have anything, Megan?"

Megan glared and shook her head vehemently at the question, rhythmically tensing her thighs and bum under the privacy of her dress. She would have been making a beeline for the loo at this point, not stopping to even glance back, if only she knew where the hell it was. But she just couldn't bring herself to ask anyone, she was far too shy for that; her shyness was one of the many qualities that had endeared her to Sarah when they had first met.

As the very attractive young man smiled and fixed her drink, out of the corner of her eye, Sarah noticed that the couple from the upstairs office had discreetly entered the salon somehow without coming through the main doorway. It was as if they had appeared from out of nowhere. One second they weren't there, and the next, they were…

Now that's quite strange, Sarah thought.

As she watched them a bit more closely now, she saw the man in the light brown suit say something to his companion in a low voice, and the pretty young woman responded with a charming peal of soft laughter as she smiled warmly at him, causing Lady Daghly to look over at them with a scornful expression, her thin lips pursed in disapproval.

"Isham, dear," she said, "I believe you are neglecting our other guests. If you can possibly allow Ms. Hohl to fend for herself briefly, I'm quite sure she will manage to survive without being at your side for just a few moments."

"Quite right, my dear, quite right, and my apologies to you all. My assistant and I have been trying to work out the details of a rather involved bit of business, and I'm afraid I have been far too absorbed in that to be a gracious host," the man said with a smile.

"I am Lord Daghly, but we needn't stand on ceremony here. The name is Isham, Isham Paul Daghly, but my friends just call me I.P."

Of course they do, Megan thought to herself, rolling her eyes and squeezing her muscles against another sudden and overwhelming urge to flood her panties. I would have expected nothing less...

The butler entered the salon and Lady Daghly looked directly at him.

"Is everything quite ready, Cervin?" she asked.

"Yes, Your Ladyship," he replied in his deep, resonant voice.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*047*2013-12-24 14:33

Thanks to all of you who have taken time out of your busy lives at this hectic time of year to spend a few moments reading our little tale, and an extra special thanks for the so very kind comments.

Here's wishing you all the very happiest of holidays, no matter which you may celebrate !

The story will continue, there is MUCH MORE still to come...

<3,

Frostyjr2

