Daniel and Amy - Page 11

Author: Barry

*250*2016-06-06 11:31

Chapter 17:

It was strange. Dan felt a little bit embarrassed, but not totally humiliated. He wished that it hadn't happened, of course, but even though it was embarrassing, cumming in his diaper in front of Amy was certainly no worse than wetting his pants in front of other people. It was a strange set of emotions. On one hand, he had just had a very grown up experience, but on the other hand, it was so similar to losing control of his bladder in his nappy, and he'd certainly done that a few times in front of her, so it didn't seem a lot different in a way.

"Yeah. I guess I did. I just couldn't seem to help it. Amy, you just turn me on so much, and I love you so much, and when I see you all diapered up, with your sexy little socks on, and your potty dancing around, it just makes my dick get so hard! When you started wetting yourself, I just couldn't control it. I don't think you'd understand it, it's a guy thing I guess. But I'm sorry it happened in front of you though."

Amy was grinning happily at him. She didn't seem at all bothered by what had happened. If anything, she looked to be excited.

"Don't be sorry baby! It makes me feel kinda special that I can make my boyfriend do that! Has it happened before?"

Their conversation was interrupted then by Sues voice calling from the foot of the stairs. In one quick motion each, they pulled their pants back up, and stepped onto the landing, where they saw her looking up.

"Do you two want a snack? I'll make some microwave popcorn if you want some?"

"Thanks mum! That'd be great, please! We'll be down in a second. We're just picking out some games."

Feeling relieved, Sue went back to the kitchen. She had gone to the theatre to ask them if they were hungry, but they weren't in there. She couldn't see Dans bedroom door from downstairs, because of the "U" bend in the staircase, and she had wondered what they were getting up to.

She mentally chastised herself. "Of course they were getting games you idiot. They're children. It's what they do. I've got to stop worrying. It's not like they'd have their pants off or anything....."

"Quick thinking Danny boy," Amy told him. "Grab a game or two, and we'll head back down. I wanna finish this conversation! I've got stuff of my own I've gotta tell you, I think."

"Hang on a minute Ames"

She paused, looking at him, a touch confused.

"Just give me a second," he continued, "I haven't peed yet, and I think I can now!"

Dan pulled his shorts down, but didn't step out of them. He hitched his diaper up tight, and ran his hands over the leg guards, ensuring they were properly in place. He relaxed his control muscles, and at first nothing happened, but he stayed relaxed, and ten seconds later he felt his hot pee escaping into his diaper.

"I'm going Amy. I'm doing it right now!"

Amy watched his diaper in wonderment, seeing it sag just a bit in the front. It didn't exactly change colour, but, like hers, it got a bit darker where the pee was pooling.

It was over in 30 seconds, and Dan gave his diaper a squeeze, and remarked, "That's the nice soft feeling I was talking about!" Quickly pulling his shorts up, they grabbed the first two games they saw without even looking at them, and went downstairs.

Sue looked up and smiled as they entered the kitchen. "Having fun guys?"

Dan responded with a shrug. "Yeah. Just gaming."

As she prepared the popcorn, she turned to Amy. "Amy, sweetheart, I should've asked you first. Is popcorn okay for your tummy? I can make you something else if you like?"

Amy smiled shyly, "Popcorns fine thank you Mrs Jacobs. I just don't have a lot of butter on it."

"Call me Sue, Amy. I believe my son is already on first name terms with your mother, so it's only fair." She handed her a bowl of popcorn. "Here you go, you put your own butter on it sweetie."

"Thank you...Sue" Amy replied blushing slightly. Dan thanked his mother as well, and the kids returned to the theatre room.

Settled on the couch again, Amys feet in Dans lap, and his bowl of popcorn balanced on her legs, she returned to their interrupted conversation.

"So Danny, what happened upstairs, has it happened before?"

He felt a flush rising in his cheeks, but was determined to answer her. "It's never just happened by itself before, at least not when I've been awake. It happens in my sleep sometimes though."

"You have wet dreams? I know about those! We learned about them in sex-ed! All boys have them, don't they?"

Dan chuckled. "I guess so Ames. They taught us the same thing. Must be using the same textbooks! They told us it happened during puberty, and not to worry about it. But if you masturbate, it sorta stops them from happening. Supposedly."

"Do you Dan? Do you masturbate?"

He sighed, starting to feel uncomfortable with the conversation. But he figured that after all she had seen him do, admitting to playing with himself wasn't a big deal. After all, most boys apparently did it.

"I've started to lately Ames. It sorta took me a while to kinda figure out how to do it, but once I learned how to, it was easy."

"How did you learn Danny?"

"Just practice " he shrugged, and they both cracked up laughing. They both laughed uproariously at this, and ended up both giggling.

Sue heard them laughing from the lounge, and heard Danny's voice cracking a bit. "There's something nice about the innocence of kids laughter, they must be having a lot of fun playing," she thought, and went back to watching her show.

"Your turn Ames. Do girls masturbate? I don't know a lot about it, I guess. Going to a Catholic school, the priests don't really talk about that sort of thing a lot. We have a lay teacher, Mr Simpson, who teaches maths and sex-ed, and he explains a lot of stuff that the priests won't, but playing with yourself isn't the sort of thing that you can put up your hand to ask questions about! I know from stuff I've seen online that girls do, but it doesn't seem as common as it is for boys. And girls don't get wet dreams either, or do they?"

"Don't worry Dan, we do it all right! We don't have the wet dream things like you guys do, but we do have pretty intense dreams! Sometimes, when I wake up, I've gotta just like play with myself cause I've been so turned on by a dream."

She could tell Danny was fascinated. She was as well. It was hard going through puberty and adolescence, and both kids were doing what every other kid did, just sort of fumbling their way through, learning as they went along.

It was like an offshoot of their wetting problems and diapers. They had finally found a soulmate to talk with, to ask questions of, to compare stories against, and it was both interesting as well as a relief to hear another kids perspective. Particularly a kid of the opposite sex. They were like sponges, trying to take in as many answers to the myriad of unasked questions that they both had.

Amy continued, "When you have a sexy dream Dan, what do you dream about?"

Dan had lost all of his self doubt and nervousness by now. He was keen to talk about it all, and he had questions of his own to ask as well. He proceeded without delay, surprising himself that he could talk so openly about it.

"Well, they seem to change Amy. I guess because I'm a virgin, I can't really dream about what its like to have sex, because I've never done it before. But I dream of being around girls, or women even, and they're touching me and stuff. Sometimes they show me their boobs, and I can touch them."

He paused, took a breath, and lowered his eyes, but continued anyway.

"Since last week, I've dreamt of you a couple of times."

Amy was beaming with pleasure, and felt a new moistness between her legs. "Really Dan? Please tell me! I want to know."

"Well, I had a dream on Monday night that you were in. I was watching you wet your blue shorts, and that made me cum. I woke up thinking I might've wet the bed, but it was that instead. And last night, I think I did it again, but because I actually wet myself, I'm not 100% sure if I did or not. But I've been thinking about you a lot when I've been alone, if you get what I mean."

She saw he was looking uncomfortable, and no doubt was suddenly worried that he'd gone too far. She hastened to reassure him.

"You're not the only one whose been doing that Dan, so don't look so worried. I've been thinking about you like that as well. Let's just say that a couple of my showers have gone on longer than they should have.....particularly when I think of you wearing those tight little blue footy shorts of yours, and watching you pee in them. And when you were playing as Little Dan, and peed in your swim nappy, my God, that was so hot!"

They fell silent for a while, blushing, smiling, and trying to take it all in. Both of them felt like they should be totally humiliated by their topic of conversation, but yet they weren't. Yes, it was embarrassing, but like their diaper talks, their urge for knowledge outweighed any misgivings that they would have normally had over talking about such an intimate subject.

Amy broke the silence first. "Can I ask you about what it's like going through puberty as a guy, Dan? Or is that going too far?"

Dan laughed. "At this point Ames, I don't think we have a "too far." Two weeks ago, I couldn't even talk properly to my mother about stuff, and now, you know more about me than even I did back then! I think every time I'm with you, I learn something new about myself. I keep feeling like I'm getting a handle on shit, but you manage to make me find something new and exciting about my situation, every time"

He paused to take a big drink of water, and motioned for her to do the same. She had become so engrossed in the conversation, that she had forgotten to keep drinking for their wetting fun.

"Where to start? I think I told you last week how I was so desperate for puberty to start, cause I thought that it would mean the end of my bed wetting?" She nodded enthusiastically for him to continue, "but no matter how many times I read about it, or heard a teacher or my parents tell me that it didn't usually happen until at least twelve or thirteen, or sometimes a lot later, I was waiting for it to happen since I was about eleven. But no matter how impatient I was, it didn't really start until I was thirteen, only a bit over a year ago."

He took another drink and chuckled a bit, "It seems like so long ago! But it only started a year ago I guess. I've been so worried that I might be a slow developer, but I can tell by looking at the other kids in my class that I'm not. Most of us seem to be the same. I mean, there's two or three boys who have really hairy legs and some facial hair, and I've seen them getting changed in the locker room, and they're definitely a bit bigger than me "down there," but most of us seem to be the same. There's even a kid in my class, Zack, who still looks like he's only ten years old. He's tiny! You can tell by looking at him that he hasn't started developing yet. But while us guys don't really talk a lot about it, we all sort of keep an eye on each other. I mean, we all wear shorts, and it's easy to see who's getting hairy legs!"

He held his own nearly hairless legs out straight.

"I mean look at these. My legs are still as smooth as a babies! I haven't grown a single whisker on my face, and I still look like a little kid!"

"What about pubes Dan, you must be getting those by now?"

"I am. That was the first sign it was starting. But I haven't got a lot though."

Amy grinned. Dan recognised it as what he was starting to think of as her "evil" grin.

"Danny, would you ever show me?"

He spat out the mouthful of water that he'd just tried to drink.

"Jesus Christ Amy! No way!" But he then seemed to consider it again. "Well, maybe I would I guess. But you'd have to do the same for me of course....."

"Of course I would Dan. Wouldn't be fair otherwise! Have you ever seen a girls private bits before?"

"Only in movies and stuff. But I guess it's pretty high on my wish list. How about you, what's puberty like for a girl? When did you start? Have you ever seen a boys thing?"

Amy took a drink, and considered his barrage of questions.

"I started a lot earlier than you did by the sound of things. Remember how I told you that my mummy would put a big cloth nappy on me after school?"

Dan nodded, and felt himself start to stir a bit again. He was thinking of what it would be like for him to put a diaper on her now, and he liked the thought.

"Well she stopped doing that when I was about ten and a half. I hadn't started puberty yet of course, but she said I was starting to fill out. I think my boobs were just starting to grow a bit, and so were my hips. I was devestated at first, because I loved the freedom of wearing my cloth nappy after school, and just being allowed to do a wee in it whenever I wanted, and I thought that it would all change after that. But mum found other real adult diapers that fitted me, not the Molicares, I had to grow a bit more before they fitted, but they were a really small grown up tape on diaper anyway. When mum let me keep wetting those just like I did in the cloth ones, I was stoked! Anyway, my boobs kept growing, and I got my first period just after my twelfth birthday."

She smiled at him, "I don't want to make you feel bad, but I've been shaving my legs for about two years! I started getting my pubic hair around the time I started my period, and I've even had to trim that a couple of times as well! I don't mind showing you, if you want to play show and tell with me one day, lover boy!"

It was Dans turn to grin evilly. "You know what Ames? Now I've thought about it, I want to! Just not now of course. But it would be fun to at least show each other, wouldn't it? As long as you promise not to laugh at me! I've still got a long way to go yet!"

"I'd never laugh at you Dan, and anyway, at least I know it works!"

Dan laughed. "Got another question for you Ames. What do you do when you get your period? Because you wear a diaper all the time, do you still need extra girlie protection or anything?"

"I learned pretty quickly that I need to use a tampon. Of course, wearing a nappy stops any leaks from happening, but if I pee, and there's blood in my nappy, it makes a hell of a mess. It's really gross actually. So I wear a tampon, but I have to change it pretty regularly if I wet myself too much. It's kinda funny sometimes. I'll wet myself at school, but go and change my tampon, but leave my wet nappy on, unless it's really wet. Sorta strange I guess."

Dans interest was piqued. "Do you girls talk about, like stuff with each other?"

"All the time Danny! Sometimes it seems like it's all we talk about. When there's no boys around, all we talk about is boys, periods, boobs, and stuff like that. It can get a bit boring actually. Especially when your the girl who wears a diaper, and has issues that the other girls don't have," she made serious eye contact with him again, "I think that's why I just love talking about it with you. There's stuff that my friends just don't get, but you do."

They lapsed into a mutual silence, that they both felt quite comfortable with.

Dan spoke first. "God Amy, I love you so much. I'm so glad your my girlfriend! We've got a lot of stuff to do together!"

$$

*255*2016-06-07 05:24

Chapter 18:

"You never answered all of my questions Ames. Have you ever seen a boys private bits before?"

"Never a big kids or a grown ups, except on the the internet or in movies, but I saw my cousins in the nude heaps of times when we were very young. When I was a little kid, before my accident, I even played outside with my cousins naked sometimes, but we were only like five or six. There was a time at my aunties house when we were having a barbecue and it was really hot, and us kids wanted to play under the sprinkler, but it hadn't been planned for, and nobody had bought a change of clothes or anything. Me and my cousins, two other girls and a boy all finished up getting our gear off and running around under the hose, but we were all very young. No one was any older than seven. Alison got cranky cause she wanted to get wet too, but she would've been at least thirteen, and couldn't do it. Mum told her to strip down to her knickers and singlet if she wanted too, but she wouldn't. But she cracked the messes a bit over it."

"I saw my cousin Jake naked, but he was only like a toddler, probably about four. I remember him doing a wee on the fence. I was fascinated to see where his wee came out of! But apart from when I was little, no, I haven't seen a naked guy before. I guess it's on my wish list of things to see and do!"

Dan contemplated his next question carefully. He wanted to ask something serious, but didn't want to say the wrong thing.

"Amy, me and you get along so well, don't we?"

She corrected his grammar. "It's you and I Catholic boy. Don't they teach English at St Marks?"

He smiled, "You and I," he amended, "get on so well. In the past week we've gone from not knowing each other, to, well, to this!" He gave a flourish with his arms, indicating their closeness. "Now you've even seen me cum, in my pants anyway, and we talk about seeing each other naked. That's all cool and everything, but where are we going with this? I mean, you know I love you, but I've gotta be honest, I'm a bit scared in a way. We're only fourteen Ames, like it or not, technically we're still children. I don't think I'm ready to do any real grown up stuff yet."

Amy, like Dan, carefully considered her reply. "Don't worry Danny. I happen to agree with you. I love you so much, and you turn me on a lot, but I'm planning on staying a virgin for a long time yet!"

She reached for his hand, nearly knocking the bowl of popcorn off her legs. Dan took it, and squeezed it gently, showing her that he was happy with her answer.

"Danny, I don't want to have sex. Not yet. Not with anybody. But there are things I'd like to do. I keep thinking how much I'd love to really cuddle with you, properly, for a long time. When I've been touching myself, thinking about you, that's how it starts. We're alone, and kissing and cuddling, and you're in your diaper, and we just kinda like touch each other and stuff. Stuff like that..."

Dan heaved a sigh of relief.

"I'm so glad you said that Ames. That's pretty much how I feel about you. I love you, and I'd kinda like to take it to the next level and all, but I'm still a kid, and I don't want to, I don't know, grow up I guess. He corrected himself. "That's not what I meant. Of course I want to grow up. But I'm not ready for sex yet. Even though I'm sure we could do it if we wanted to, can you imagine all the sneaking around, and lying to our mums and stuff? And if we got caught? They'd kill us! One things for sure, they'd stop us from ever seeing each other again, and I couldn't handle that if it happened!"

"Don't panic about it mate, I totally agree with you," she said. "I hope you don't think bad stuff about me, cause I'm not like a slut or anything, but like you said, I'd be happy to take our little relationship up a notch though."

The relief that was on both of their faces was clear.

"In fact," she continued, "I can't think of a single person in the whole world who I'd rather do that with. Except maybe Ryan Reynolds of course!"

Dan spluttered. "Ryan bloody Reynolds! What's he got that I haven't got?"

That broke the tension, and again they laughed uproariously.

They calmed down, and sat in companionable silence for a while. Then without speaking, Amy reached into her bag, which was on the floor beside her, and pulled out her dummy. She put it in her mouth, and reached out for Danny's hand, which he took. They didn't speak, but maintained eye contact with each other. Dan put the bowl of popcorn on the floor, and Amy kept her feet on his lap, but parted her legs slightly. She raised her backside up a bit, let go of his hand briefly, and hitched her pink sweatpants up high, then took his hand again.

Dan was looking directly at her crotch, the pink fleecy fabric now pulled tight, and showing the outline of the thick diaper underneath. Suddenly, she arched her back a bit, and her grip on his hand tightened, and her eyes squinted a bit.

As Dan watched, a wet patch appeared on the inside of her right leg, and started spreading across her buttock. He watched it, totally transfixed, as it kept growing. The thick fleece of her sweatpants didn't allow any drips to escape, but a big wet patch, the size of a small dinner plate quickly blossomed across her butt, showing much darker than the light pink it had been previously. Amy wasn't aware she was leaking, and Dan didn't tell her, he just watched the wet patch grow, feeling his cock growing very stiff again.

Eventually she stopped, and lowered her backside onto the couch again.

Dan leaned over, and gently cupped his hand on her wet backside. Amy looked a bit surprised, but didn't object at all, and just smiled at him.

"Amy, um, you just wet your pants...."

She smiled innocently at him. "Why Dan, however did you guess?

Realising that she wasn't aware of what had happened, he tried again. "No Ames, you have actually wet your pants. You've leaked." He took her hand, placing it on the wet patch on her pants. "Here. Feel that?"

"Oh shit!" she exclaimed, and jumped almost vertically off the couch. "Shitshitshit! My diaper must've been a bit saggy after I peed in it before! Shit!"

She was standing up, swivelling around, pulling at the back of her pants, trying to see just how wet they were.

Dan was laughing at her. "Oh baby, did little Amy have an accident? You should of gone to the potty, naughty girl!"

She waddled over to stand in front of him, and turned her back, so her bum was in front of his face. "Not funny mate. How wet am I?"

He reached up with both hands, and cupped both of her bum cheeks. He rubbed her buttocks gently, and started tracing the outline of the wet patch.

"Well, it starts here, goes all the way up and over here, and disappears under here...." He let his hand run down between her legs, and squeezed her wet diaper through her wet pants.

Amy spread her legs open wider, and let him squeeze, not trying to put a stop to it at all. He didn't keep his hand there for long, but couldn't help noticing that she never objected. "Yep. You're pretty wet Ames." He could feel himself standing to attention inside his own diaper again, but was confident that after his earlier loss of control, it surely wouldn't happen again, at least not so soon anyway.

"Danny, I better get changed. Can I use your bathroom please? I might try and poop before I put my night nappy on."

Dan shrugged his indifference.

"But can you come with me until we get past your lounge room please? I'd hate for your mum to see me in wet pants."

"No probs Amy. Cause I will."

She grabbed both of her bags, and they left the theatre. Dan made sure he walked on the inside, to try and shield his mothers view of his girlfriends wet butt.

The lounge room door was near the base of the stairs, and Sue was sitting back in a recliner, watching television. She turned as her son stopped in the doorway.

"Hi mate. What's up?"

Dan didn't answer at first. He had his head turned, and was watching Amys wet bum, as she hurried up the stairs. The wet spot now covering nearly all of her right cheek.

"You okay Danny? Everything alright?"

Aware of the bulge sticking out in front of his shorts, Dan quickly stepped down into the sunken lounge, and stood behind another chair, on the opposite side of the room before he answered.

"Yeah mum. Everything's cool. Amy, uh, just has to get changed, you know?"

"Oh no! Poor dear, did she have an accident? Is she alright? She's not too upset or anything, is she?"

Dan had to suppress a smile. "No mum. I'm sure she's fine. She just kinda needed to get changed, that's all. I think she must've had a little accident or something."

Sue was relieved. She had been worried about Amy, and how she would cope if she had an accident away from home. The way the kids had been laughing, she wasn't surprised that the girl had wet herself, she just hoped that she wasn't upstairs crying or anything.

"Well, if you're sure she's not upset or anything. Does she need anything?"

"No mum. I'm pretty sure she's fine. She took all her stuff up with her to get changed and everything."

Sue lowered her voice to a loud whisper. "And how about you Danny, are you okay? Your diaper I mean?"

Deciding that discretion was called for, Dan lowered his voice to match his mothers. "To be honest mum, my nappy is a bit wet I think. I must've wet myself a little bit earlier I guess. But I don't want Amy to know. I'm just gonna leave it on until I change into my night nappy later, okay?"

Sue smiled at him, he seemed to be slowly coming to terms with needing a diaper on. Only a couple of weeks ago, he wouldn't ever talk about it, or even admit it if he had an accident. He'd just go all sullen and moody instead. Now, he was opening up a lot more, and didn't get so ashamed when he wet. There was no doubt about it, his friendship with his little girlfriend was definitely helping him come out of his shell a lot more. She was happy that her son, who deep down she still thought of as her "little boy," was starting to open up to her a lot more.

"I don't want to tell you what to do buddy, but you shouldn't stay in a wet diaper for too long, okay? You might get a rash or something. Perhaps you should get changed. Just tell Amy you decided to get into your pyjamas. You don't have to say you were wet or anything."

Seeing an opportunity to go upstairs without his mother getting suspicious, he jumped at the suggestion.

"You're right mum. It is a bit uncomfortable. I might put my PJ's on now!"

"Good boy!" Sue whispered, as her teenage boy left the room, taking the stairs two at a time.

"Kids," she thought. "Always so scared about what other kids think. It must be so hard for them though. At least they've got each other to confide in now."

Dan entered his room, and saw that his bathroom door was closed. Not wanting to startle Amy, he knocked gently, and called out to her. "Just letting you know I'm in here Ames!"

"Thanks Danny! I'm gonna be a couple more minutes yet though."

"Okay, I'm gonna get changed as well. Can you knock before you come out, please?"

"Will do matey!"

Not wasting any time, he pulled off his shorts and diaper. Working quickly, he grabbed a handful of wet wipes, and cleaned himself as best he could. Unfurling a new tape on nappy, he lay it flat on his bed, and layed himself onto it. He was getting a lot faster with them now, and it didn't take long to tape it on securely. He had put clean socks on after school, so decided to leave them on, and not change them. He opened his drawers, looking for pyjamas. But to his dismay, he found his selection somewhat limited. He didn't have a lot of pyjamas, and his regular ones must've been in the wash. The only long ones he had left did fit him okay, but were bright red, and had pictures of Spider-Man all over them. He often wore them, but they were pretty childish looking, and not exactly what he would've chosen to wear in front of his girlfriend.

But then, he heard the toilet flush, and realised that he didn't have a lot of options. He quickly pulled the pants up over his diaper as the bathroom tap was running, and when Amys knock was heard, he was already doing up the buttons on his shirt.

He heard the door open behind him, and realised that in his haste, he'd started doing the buttons up in the wrong holes. Frustrated, he started again, speaking over his shoulder without looking.

"You've gotta promise not to laugh at me Amy! I'm wearing my Spider-Man pyjamas! I look like a little kid in them!"

"Don't worry Danny, I won't laugh, I promise..."

Something in the tone of her voice made him turn around.

His girlfriend was standing there, in a fleecy lined set of pyjamas. There were no buttons on her shirt, instead, it was a pullover style of top. The sleeves were red, but the middle section was white, and it featured a big "Hello Kitty" design. The pants were bright red, and had feet built into them. Her diapers waistband was barely visible, sticking out the top a fraction. Her hair was now braided into two pigtails, and she was holding her teddy bear.

"Trust me Catholic boy, I won't laugh at all."

*257*2016-06-07 05:55

{{19 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

While I know this is mainly about Dan and Amy have you ever thought of say going with the idea. Of them both witnessing another person having an accident and their thoughts and feelings on what they see?

}}

Hi Night Rain.

Glad youre still reading. Thought you may have given up on it!

In answer to your last two questions, I'm pretty sure that Dan will get to see Amy "relax" in her diaper eventually, maybe even with his help, and as for seeing another person have an accident, well, that's the sort of thing that happens on the beach a lot I think.

Thanks for the feedback.

*261*2016-06-07 12:48

Chapter 19:

Sue was in the kitchen, making a pot of tea, when she heard footsteps and a lot of giggling. Poking her head around the corner, she was greeted with the sight of Amy and Dan, holding hands, and walking down the stairs together. The stairs weren't overly wide, but by squashing up a bit, they were managing to stay together.

Her son was wearing his Spider-Man pyjamas, which surprised her a bit. He did wear them occasionally, but she knew that he thought of them as his "kiddie" PJ's.

But it was Amy who surprised her the most. When she had arrived earlier, wearing her black dress, black stockings and dressy shoes, with her makeup on and hair tied back, Sue had been surprised at how much older and more mature she had looked. She had thought at the time, that the girl could have passed herself off as seventeen, or even older.

But now, her pretty blonde hair was in braided pigtails, her makeup was gone, and she was wearing footie pyjamas and carrying a teddy bear! She could've been ten years old! Again she thought that Amy was indeed a chameleon, age wise at least. But, she did look very cute, and she certainly seemed to be a well mannered, sweet girl as well. She could certainly understand just why her son seemed so besotted with her. Sue herself was becoming very fond of the young girl as well.

"Wow Amy! I love your pyjamas!"

Amy blushed a bit. "Thanks Mrs J.., sorry, Sue. Yeah, they're cute aren't they! My mum got them for me yesterday. My feet have been getting cold at night, and I just can't stand wearing socks to bed." She punched Dan playfully on the arm. "Not like him! Mummy thought that these might keep me a bit warmer. They're not as tight as wearing socks."

Sue had to smile when Amy said "mummy." She had sounded so cute! And Sue had to agree with her. "You know, I'm exactly the same! I don't like wearing socks in bed either! Neither does Dans dad, so I don't know where he gets it from."

She turned her attention to her son. "What do you think son? I could get you a pair as well! Might be more comfortable."

Sue had said this as a bit of a joke, but Dan surprised her with his reply. "Yeah mum, that would be cool! They do look very comfortable, don't they?"

"My God" Sue thought to herself, "the change in this boy is incredible! First, he wants to have slumber parties, then he agrees to trying bigger diapers, now he would wear footies. I can't believe this is the same moody teenager I've been living with!"

But out loud, all she said was "Okay mate. I'll ask Sonia where she got them from then. Now, do you guys want a cup of tea?"

Both kids eagerly agreed, and the three of them spent a pleasant few minutes just talking in the kitchen. Amy explained the background story of her teddy bear, and how she slept with it every night. When the kids picked up their cups to leave, Sue reflexively grabbed the waistband of her sons pants, and hitched them up before he could move.

"Aww mum," he moaned, and they walked out. Sue couldn't help but grin at the sight of Amys nappy poking out from the back of her pyjamas.

"They really are like two little kids" she said to herself with a grin.

Back in the theatre, they put their mugs on the coffee table, and resumed their now standard position, Amys feet in Dans lap. This time, he couldn't help himself. He grabbed both of her feet in his hands, and started rubbing them gently, squashing the thick fleecy fabric of her footie pyjamas, with the little rubber grippers on the soles. She giggled and squirmed a bit at first, but soon relaxed, and let him massage her toes and soles through the thick fleece.

"Mmmm. Oh boy Dan. That feels sooo good! Don't stop, okay?"

"Don't worry Ames, I'm enjoying it as well," he replied, and kept rubbing. "God you look so cute in these. I love em! They're really hot!"

Amy arched her back a bit, loving the sensation of her first ever foot rub. It was starting to make her all tingly. She rubbed a hand over her breasts, just briefly, and felt her nipples standing up.

She shook herself out of her reverie, and took a sip of her tea. "One thing about this, Danny boy, I'll definitely wet the bed tonight! Tea goes right through me!"

"I'm gonna try real hard not to Ames. Like I told you, I had three dry nights in a row, until last night, and it was great. I was starting to think my bed wetting might be slowing down, and I want to give it every chance too. I mean if it happens, it happens, but I'm gonna go to the toilet before bed, and not just use my nappy on purpose."

Amy looked a bit disappointed when she heard that. "But I thought we were going to play some more wet games," she said.

He smiled at her. "Don't panic my little princess. I plan on doing a lot of that tomorrow! I love being naughty with you, and Little Dan wants to play as well, but I really want to try and get on top of my bed wetting. I don't know. Maybe I have been a bit lazy, like sorta not going to the toilet and stuff. It's kinda easy to just think fuck it, I'm wearing a diaper, and not try so hard. Perhaps I've been sorta slack about it. Anyway, I'm going to try!"

"Well best of luck with it Dan. I wish I could as well, but with my dodgy bladder, I'll probably be wet before I even get into bed! But I am glad Little Dans coming back. Little Amy is really looking forward to playing with him!"

They shared a laugh at this, then Amy asked the next question. "Apart from the beach, what else are we going to do this weekend?"

"Well, up to you I guess, but I thought maybe tomorrow night we could catch a movie? My mum will probably take us and get us later if I ask. We could grab a bite to eat first maybe? Then Sunday, we could go into the city for a look around or something?"

"I like the movie idea mate. We could see the new Marvel one! Supposed to be excellent! I could give or take the city idea. I don't mind, but any other thoughts?"

"Yeah, I do..... Do ya remember when we were talking the other day? You said you'd like to play a scary fear wetting type of thing? Well I keep thinking about that! It sounds really good! But I don't know what we could do. I don't know what you think, but I reckon if we did that, it shouldn't be like a diaper thing. It wouldn't be as much fun wearing our protection. If we did a pretend fear accident thing, we should be able to watch each other wet our actual pants! But of course we can't do that like in public or anything. We'd need some privacy and stuff, and I don't think we'll get much of that here, and I don't know how we would play anyway."

Amy was nodding excitedly. "I agree mate. For it to be like real and stuff, we shouldn't wear diapers. I sorta thought we could always play like a "Walking Dead" type of game, or something like that, where we could be pretending to be like super scared and stuff. Or we could be hostages, or being chased by a psycho or something scary like that. But you're right. We need some privacy to do it though."

They lapsed into thought for a while, but couldn't come up with any realistic solution to their problem, so they decided to just sit on it for a bit.

"What're your mates from school doing this weekend Dan? Another sleepover or anything?"

"Not this weekend Amy. They seem to have one most weekends, but this time both Scott and Matt are going away with their folks, and I dunno what Ali's doing. Staying home I guess. Why, didja want us to hang out with them or something?"

"Not at all Dan. Just wondering. I would like to hear more about this Scott guys problems though. I think it's great that those kids have grown up together and are so cool about his bed wetting. It's pretty rare for other kids to just accept something like that. As you and I know!"

"Yeah. Totally agree Ames. I really do kinda keep getting the urge to approach them, and tell em about myself, but they've all been friends since they were little, and I'm still not like a close mate of theirs or anything, so I keep changing my mind about it. I actually think I will tell em eventually, but I guess I'm just not ready yet."

"Just give it time Dan. Don't say anything until you're sure that you're ready." She moaned in pleasure. "Jeez that feels good. I've never ever had my feet rubbed before! I can see why people like it! But you can stop if you want."

He was now playing with each of her toes, one at a time, softly wiggling them back and forth. "I'll stop if you want Ames, but I'm enjoying it as much as you are. These PJ's are a real turn on. It's better than your socks!" He looked a bit guilty. "I really don't know why I like your feet and stuff so much. I must be a bit weird I guess."

"If this is weird Dan, I just don't care! It feels amazing! Want me to do you?"

"Honestly Amy? Not really. I'm happy just doing this!"

"Well keep going then, my friend! I don't think I'll get sick of this in a hurry!"

They drank their tea in silence for a while, and eventually Dan stopped the massage. They turned the television on, and found a comedy to watch. Dan turned the lights off, and Amy sat upright and snuggled up against her boyfriend, and he put his arm around her shoulders.

With most of their plans made, for now at least, and the heavy part of their conversation over with for the moment, they could just sit back and relax, while they enjoyed the warmth of each other's bodies. It had been a long time since either kid had felt so happy and relaxed.

Partway through the movie, Amy wriggled in her seat. Her attention never swayed from the screen, but she started sucking her thumb. Dan grinned in the darkness, knowing by now what that meant.

He inclined his head towards hers, and whispered in her ear.

"You just wet your pants, you naughty girl. Want me to check for leaks again?"

She just gave him an innocent, wide eyed smile, and nodded shyly, putting her hands on the cushion, and lifting her bum up off the couch. Dan pulled his arm from around her shoulders, and slipped his hand under her backside, palm up. He slowly rubbed her buttocks, and could feel the swollen diaper underneath her thick pyjama pants. He couldn't feel any wetness there, so he moved his hand forward a bit, and soon had a few fingers between her legs, where he gave her diaper a firm squeeze, feeling it squish underneath his fingers. She lowered her butt down slowly and he was forced to pull his hand back.

"I hadn't finished Amy. I wanted to make sure your pants aren't wet before you went to bed."

"I know Danny. I just thought it might be easier for you to do it from the front, that's all."

She spread her legs slightly. "Go on Dan, make sure I'm not wet..."

Breathing deeply, Dan put a hand on her inside thigh, and rubbed his hand up and down. He then did the same on her other thigh, before he started to pull his hand back.

"Danny, you missed a bit I think. I need to be sure my nappy didn't leak you know, and I still need to pee a bit."

She took his hand, and placed it directly in the centre of her groin, and smiled at him as she leaned towards him. He reciprocated the gesture, and their lips found each other's. As they kissed, slowly at first, both of their tongues emerged, finding each other's, gently to start with, then with more passion. Their breathing quickened, and their mouths locked together in earnest.

Any consideration of Sue being close was forgotten.

Amy leaned back on the couch, and Dan went with her. He tried to use his arms for support, but Amy grabbed his arm, and held it in place on her crotch. He wasn't exactly sure what to do, so he just left it there, but he felt his fingers tighten ever so slightly.

Their kissing was reaching new and unexplored heights. Now safe in the knowledge that Dan was going to leave his hand where she'd put it, Amy wrapped her arms around Dans neck, and pulled his head down, kissing him even more ferociously, as they started to rub their bodies against each other.

"Danny, I'm gonna pee," she whispered, and he immediately felt a slight vibration coming from under the hand that was pressed tight against her private area, followed by a creeping warmth.

The stiffness in his own diaper was now twitching, more than twitching, pulsing actually. He clamped tighter with his hand, and although he couldn't feel wetness, he could feel the trembling as her urine hit the inside of her nappy. When his grip tightened, Amy went stiff, and simultaneously raised her abdomen to further increase the pressure of his hand, as she squeezed her thighs together, trapping it there.

Dan could tell that he was about to lose control himself, but he didn't care one bit. By pushing his own pelvis forward, he was actually pressing on the back of his own trapped hand and arm, but that didn't matter, he just needed to feel some contact.

The familiar tingling sensation was back, and he felt his toes start to curl. Amy was feeling a very similar thing, with what felt like a volcano starting to erupt from deep within her tummy. Neither of them tried to stop, they just kept kissing, harder and faster, there lips and chins now wet with saliva.

They were pressing their bodies together as if they were trying to merge into one, brand new, singular entity.

Amy suddenly pulled back and muttered, "Danny, I've wet myself!"

With that, she arched violently again, and squeezed her legs around his hand with enough pressure to cause him pain, but he didn't complain at all.

He himself was past the point of no return, and only a few seconds later, he was pressing himself even tighter against her, as he felt himself explode into a diaper for the second time that night.

They lay together panting for breath, and smiling at each other.

No words were needed. They had passed another milestone, and crossed another line, and were happy that they had done so.

Life was good.

*263*2016-06-08 05:20

Chapter 20:

For a moment, they lay there, pressed against each other, sweating slightly and panting for breath. Then Dan extracted his hand from the oven between Amys thighs, and sat up again.

"I, uh, did it again Amy."

"So did I Catholic boy, and it was freaking amazing!"

Dan glanced nervously over his shoulder, half expecting his mother to be standing there, turning purple with rage, but thankfully, she wasn't. They had gotten away with it.

Amy tried to look all sweet and innocent, but failed miserably. "So Danny, are my pyjamas wet at all?"

He was still a bit out of breath, and grinned back "Not that I could tell Ames, but just to be sure, I might have to check later."

"We'll see Dan, perhaps you should, just to be sure."

Dan steadied himself by taking some long, deep mouthfuls of water, draining a third of his remaining bottle in one go.

"Steady on Danny. You better not drink too much if you want your nappy to stay dry!"

"Fuck my nappy Amy! It's kinda wet now already. I was gonna wear it again if I stayed dry, but I don't think I could now anyway, so I don't care now," and he drank even more.

"I don't know about you, Dan, but what we just did then, that was, that was, like, just incredible! I've never, ever, had an orgasm like that before, ever! It was lucky I didn't scream out loud really! I can just imagine your mum hearing me and coming in..."

"Yeah, I know what you mean. I've kinda been thinking of doing stuff like that with you, and it was like a hundred times better than I imagined it, but we really need to be more careful. I think we like dodged a bullet there."

Amy got up, and switched the light on. She quickly pulled her pants down, held them open in front of her, and examined them for signs of wetness, but didn't find any. Dan was blown away by the fact that she just dropped her pants and stood in front of him in her diaper so easily. Of course he'd seen her like that before, but she did it with such nonchalance and ease. She was so much less self conscious than what he was. The inspection of her pyjamas and diaper only took a few seconds, and she then sat back down and drank deeply from her own bottle.

Clearing his throat, Dan ventured his thoughts. "Amy, what we just did, do we need to talk about it? I mean, it was a pretty big deal! We just did a fairly major thing just then!"

"What's to talk about Dan? I'm not sure you're right. I mean yes, it was a big deal, and I guess you could say we definitely took the next step, but really, why does it need discussion? I love you, you love me, and we gave each other an orgasm. We didn't get our rude bits out, or like touch them or anything, we just shared a very close and personal thing together, and for me at least, I'm happy that we did! What about you? Do you feel guilty or something? Are you embarrassed?"

"No no no. Not anything like that! I don't know why I was thinking like that. It's just like such a big step forward for us, I guess I thought, or was worried, or, shit! I dunno! I just wanted to make sure you were happy with it, that's all."

She kissed his cheek lightly, "Dan, believe me, I was VERY happy with it, trust me!"

They were silent for a moment, then Dan giggled. Amy joined in, and suddenly, the giggling got louder, and they couldn't stop. The giggling soon turned into laughter, and the more they laughed, the worse it got.

Sue could hear the laughter coming from down the hall, and smiled happily to herself, pleased the children seemed to be having such a good time. She had been a bit worried that Amy might get a bit homesick on her first night away from home, but that certainly didn't appear to be the case. In fact, if they kept laughing like that, there would probably need to be another diaper change for both of them at this rate! She was so happy that these two lonely kids had found someone else that they could have such fun with. She would have to tell Sonia about how cute they were together.

"So then Dan, have you really given up on staying dry now?"

He didn't have to speak, the way he started guzzling his water was answer enough.

They settled back to watch the movie again, but had lost all interest in it by then. Talking now seemed a much more interesting option.

"So tell me Dan, have you got any sort of fantasies or ideas about wetting yourself? Is there anything in particular that you'd like to do, or anywhere that you wish you could?"

He laughed softly, "Yeah. There is actually." He cleared his throat, and grinned at her. "The beach."

She had to laugh. "You sly bastard! That's why you're so eager to go! All you had to do was say something you know. I could've been talked into it right away then!"

"Wait, there's more," he said, holding his hand up. "Also the movies."

She shrieked with laughter. "You've been putting a lot of thought into this, haven't you mate?"

He felt a touch sheepish that his supposedly well thought out plan was now exposed, but at the same time it was nice to let Amy know exactly what he had been planning.

"You got me pretty one. But what about you? Any secret desires?"

"Not anymore! We pretty much covered mine last weekend! All I ever wanted to do, was freely and openly wear a nappy around other kids, and happily use it. The same as wetting my pants. I waited so long to just be able to wet my pants without being judged or made fun of, and to be with another kid doing the same thing. Let me tell you mate, it was unbelievable for me. Better than what I'd ever dreamed of!"

"What about other places though? Any wish list ideas about doing it anywhere different?"

Amys smile weakened a bit, and she sighed. "Not really Danny. As it is, I've spent eight years just wetting myself everyday and everywhere. It loses the excitement after awhile. You name it. I wet at school everyday, at friends and families houses, shopping, movies, the zoo, everywhere. If anything, I get totally bloody sick of it to tell you the truth."

Amy took a big drink of water, and seemed to be considering something, then she spoke again.

"You know, the one big difference is, 99% of those accidents have been in diapers. Now I think about it, it probably would be pretty cool to just go in my pants in public, but only if you were there, and I could do it without anybody else knowing about it. Maybe at an outdoor concert at nighttime or something, and I had a dress on, yeah, I guess that would be kinda fun."

Her eyes suddenly lit up. "Tomorrow Danny! At the beach! I can wear my skirt, and maybe I can go without my nappy after I get there! I'll wear my bikini under my skirt! That would be fun!"

Dan was nodding vigorously, beaming with pleasure at the thought. "You know what else we could do Ames? We could go to Adventure World!"

"I've been hearing about Adventure World ever since I came to Perth Dan. What is it exactly? It's a theme park or something, isn't it?"

Dan was excited. "That's right Ames. It's like a theme park, with a roller coaster and great rides and stuff, and it's got a lotta water rides, slides and stuff. Basically everybody who goes there gets all wet, and runs around in wet clothes or wet bathers all day! It'd be perfect!"

"Now THAT sounds like a great idea Dan! That would be like totally awesome to spend a day running around in already wet clothes in public! We gotta do that!"

"Deal!" Said Dan. "Maybe next weekend? It's a bit expensive, but I reckon I can get mum to throw me a couple of bucks. My dads back next week as well. He's always a soft touch when he's home!"

They continued chatting happily for a while, discussing different things they could do. The sound of Sues voice made them jump. "Goodnight guys. I'm going to bed. Don't stay up all night, alright?"

"We won't mum. Goodnight."

"Goodnight Mrs....Sue I mean."

Sue headed upstairs, smiling to herself at what she had just seen. Amy had her little feet on her sons knees, and he had his hands on her ankles, and again, his diaper had been poking out. They looked so damn cute together!

The kids kept talking until well after 1am. When Dan yawned, and set Amy off yawning as well, they decided it was time for bed.

"So Dan, are ya going to the toilet or not?" Amy asked.

"Honestly Amy, I can't be bothered now. I think I'll just use my nappy. It's all kinda sticky now anyway."

Amy stood up, and took his hand, dragging him to his feet as well.

She wrapped her arms around his waist, and grabbed him firmly on his diapered butt, and pushed herself tightly against him, motioning for him to do the same. She didn't have to try to hard to persuade him. He reached around behind her, and took a firm grip on her backside, enjoying the squishiness of her already wet nappy.

They kissed, slowly at first, and then harder. Their grips on each other's butts tightened, and then, by unspoken agreement, they let go of their bladders while they kissed, and wet themselves. The feelings of relieving the pressure, combined with the expanding sensation of heat, and the passion of their kisses was surreal.

They both shuddered slightly as their bladders finished draining, and they smiled at each other, feeling utterly at ease.

"C'mon Dan, let's get changed," she said, and they went upstairs.

Dan was first into the bathroom, where he disposed of his soaked and sticky nappy, and gave himself a good wash, applying talc and cream after. He swapped with Amy, and while she was changing, he quickly taped himself up again. She emerged from the bathroom freshly changed, and they snuck past Sues room again, and headed down the stairs.

Dan waited for Amy to get into her bed and start cuddling her beloved bear, then he turned off the lights and climbed into his own.

Within minutes, both kids were fast asleep, and no doubt dreaming of tomorrow's adventures.

*265*2016-06-09 23:20

Chapter 21:

Dan was dreaming of looking for a toilet. He was wearing his night nappy, and nothing else. His mother, father, Amy, and Scott, were all watching him. They were in the school playground of his old primary school, and he needed to pee. He knew exactly where the boys room was, only around that corner, and along the path.

But every time he started to walk off, somebody would stop him. They all said versions of the same thing.

Sue: "Don't worry about trying to hold on Dan, you're wearing your big diaper!

Peter: It's okay mate. I know you can't help wetting the bed. I still love you!

Scott: I know you wet the bed too, Dan. Just do it, I won't judge you!

Amy: I'm already wet Dan. Just go in your nappy, like I did!

He jerked awake instantly. There was no gradual progression from sleep to awareness, just a sudden consciousness.

His first movement was to reach beneath his backside and rub his sheets, his second was to rub his pyjamas. Finding no trace of wetness, his third action was to slip his hand inside pyjamas, then his leg guard, and check his nappy.

He was dry. He was busting for a pee, and on the verge of wetting himself, but he was still dry.

Getting off an air mattress isn't the easiest thing to do in a hurry, but he managed it within seconds. Even though he couldn't get a firm grip on his actual penis through the thick padding of his still dry diaper, he clamped his hand tightly onto the crotch of his Spider-Man pyjamas as he stood up.

Still holding himself as tightly as he could, he hurried down the passage as quickly as possible, while trying to keep his legs together, resulting in a duck like waddle.

He paused for only the briefest of moments at the foot of the stairs, considering making the climb to his own bathroom. He knew deep down that he'd wet himself before he made it to the top, he hurried past, and into the downstairs toilet instead.

He slammed the door shut behind him, then yanked his pants down, and felt his penis twitch violently as he did so. He didn't even attempt to carefully undo the tapes, just ripping them open as quickly as possible.

He managed to lift the lid, and point down, about half a second before his stream hit the water in the bowl, and his nappy hit the inside of the pants that were pooled around his stockinged ankles.

By the time he'd finished, his legs felt shaky, and he turned around and sat down. Pulling his damaged diaper from his pants, he ran his hand through the middle of it.

Dry.

It had been close, but he'd managed to keep his diaper dry, and that made it three out of the last four nights, a definite improvement. He relaxed his muscles a bit, and another small stream trickled out of him. Now satisfied that he was as empty as he could possibly be, he regained his feet, pulled his pants up, and flushed.

After he left the toilet, he went up to his room, where he stashed the damaged nappy with the other two he had put in his bottom drawer. Even though his mother had told him he could dispose of them, he still thought that he might be able to somehow use them one day.

His bedside clock was telling him it was 7:52am, and he could easily go back to bed, and catch up on some sleep after his late night. He contemplated putting on another nappy, but knew it wasn't worth the effort. After having his big morning pee only minutes ago, he was unlikely to need to go again in the immediate future. However, because he was planning on sleeping for a bit longer, he knew that some protection was probably a good idea. Making a decision, he pulled his pyjama pants off, and stepped into one of his Goodnights, a "kiddie" pull up.

Marvelling at how light and thin it felt now, after a week in adult diapers, he washed his hands, and padded back to the theatre room, and went back to bed. He did glance at Amys bed, but she was almost invisible, curled up under her blankets, with teddy laying forgotten on the floor beside her bed

The next thing he knew, his mother had switched the light on, and was telling them it was 10 o'clock, and time to wake up.

It didn't take him long to fully awaken, probably because of his toilet excursion only a couple of hours earlier. Amy, on the other hand, was a lot slower to regain her senses, stretching and yawning a few times before finally opening her eyes fully.

When she did open her eyes, the first thing she saw was Dan, in his Spider-Man PJ's, sitting up and smiling at her. The sight bought an immediate smile to her face.

"Morning Dan, morning Sue," she yawned.

"Time to get up kids. You're not staying in bed all day! I'm making a pot of tea, and if you don't want to make your own breakfast, you'll get up right away. See you in the kitchen!"

Amy stretched again, her covered feet sticking out from under the blankets. She stuck her hands under the sheets, and Dan knew from his own experiences, that she was trying to surreptitiously check herself for leaks. It appeared that she hadn't found any, as she let her bum slump down heavily, and pulled her hands back out, looking relieved as she did so.

"How are ya this morning, Catholic boy?"

"I'm real good Ames. I woke up dry again!"

Amy looked to be genuinely happy for him. "Aw mate! Well done! That's great news." She gave a smile chuckle. "You've done better than me at least."

Dan looked concerned. "You okay Ames? Ya haven't leaked or anything have you?"

"No Dan. Doesn't feel like it. But I'm pretty wet. I don't need to go either, so I must've peed not long ago. I'll need a shower, but I'll wait till after breakfast."

The kids went to the kitchen, where Sue was making toast. They took their breakfast to the dining table, and sat down. Amy nudged Dan under the table with her foot, and smiled in an exaggerated fashion as she wriggled her bum around on the chair, obviously relishing the feeling of her warm and sqishy morning diaper sliding around beneath her. He snorted his tea through his nose, as a fit of giggles threatened to overtake him, but he managed to regain his composure without his mum noticing.

As they finished eating, Sue went to the laundry, and returned with a basket full of boys clothes.

"Danny, be a dear and take your laundry upstairs and put it away please?"

Talking with his mouth full, he murmured,"Sure mum. Thank you," before finishing his breakfast.

After rinsing their plates, Dan fetched Amy a towel, and they headed upstairs. Dan could clearly see the outline of Amys saggy diaper as she walked up the stairs in front of him. She held his door open, as his hands were full with the washing basket, but she grabbed something white off the top as he walked past.

"What's this Danny boy?" She was holding up something that vaguely resembled a woman's one piece swimsuit, but made of white cotton, and with the crotch strap hanging down, with two silver metal press studs visible on it.

Dan was blushing. "Ah shit Amy. That's one of my onesies. I've told you about them before. I wear em to school just to make sure my Goodnight doesn't show."

"Oh right! So that's what you were talking about! I didn't really understand what you meant. To me, a onesie is a one piece footed pyjamas type of thing. This is like a baby style thing. In New Zealand, we'd call it a romper suit or something." She grinned at him. "Can I see you wear it?"

Once again, she had shocked him. Even though he was getting used to her surprises, she still kept him on his toes with her sudden ideas and comments.

"Jesus Ames! Why the hell would you want me to wear this?"

"Well mate, for a start, I think that this is just the type of thing that Little Dan would wear, and look extremely cute in...."

Accepting already that he would give in and wear it, even if the only reason was that his girlfriend wanted him too, he could only sigh and smile, shaking his head in a beaten gesture. "Well, since you put it like that, Little Dan would do as he was told, I guess. But not now, not with mum here. But I will do it one day. Promise."

Amy looked a bit disappointed, but just kissed him lightly on the cheek, then stepped into the bathroom.

He dumped the basket, and went back downstairs, before his mother had a chance to start worrying about what they might be getting up to. But to his surprise, his mother was in the process of picking up her bag and keys, and heading towards the door.

"Going to the shop Danny. Want anything? I'm going to get petrol as well, so I'll be gone for a little while. You two behave yourselves, got it?"

"Sure mum. Cause we will, and no, I don't want anything," he paused, "except, could I like perhaps get a small loan, or an advance on my next allowance?"

"Why, pray tell? I only gave you your money on Thursday. Surely even you couldn't have spent it all already?"

"No mum. I've hardly touched it. But me and Amy wanna go to the beach today, and the movies tonight. And we'll probably buy our dinner there as well. That's if it's okay with you of course." he added hastily.

Dan was a good kid when it came to handling his money, and it wasn't often that he asked for more. Because of this, Sue agreed. She wanted him to have fun on his little date.

"I'll drop you guys at the beach later if you like. After lunch perhaps?"

"Thanks mum. But you don't hafta. We're gonna catch the bus, and we'll probably leave soon. But a lift to the movies later would be cool though!"

"Of course I'll take you there mate. I'm not having you guys catch a train or bus late at night. There's too many nut jobs out there."

As soon as she was out the door, Dan ran back upstairs as fast as he could. He could hear the shower still running, so he knew that he had time. He stripped his pyjamas and socks off, and threw them on the floor in the other side of the bed. Now naked, apart from his Goodnight, he dressed himself in his onesie and dressing gown, then relaxed on his bed.

The shower was turned off soon after, but it took another few minutes for Amy to emerge, still in her footie PJ's, but with a towel wrapped around her wet hair. She jumped slightly when she saw him there, obvious expecting the room to be empty.

"Danny! What're you doi..." Her voice tapered off as she watched him stand up. Without speaking, he stood in front of her, undid his dressing gown belt, and let it fall to the floor.

Danny was standing in front of her, dressed only in his white, snap crotch onesie, with his Goodnight slightly sticking out of the leg holes. It wasn't really tight as such, but quite form fitting. It clung firmly to his upper body, accentuating his little tummy roll, and outlining the pull up her wore beneath it. If you ignored his face, with his hairless legs and diaper sticking out of it, he could've looked like a toddler standing there, from the neck down at least.

"Little Danny!" She squealed excitedly. "I missed you! That looks so cool! Wait. Stand still. I want to check this out."

Dan just smiled, and stood his ground while Amy approached him. She completed a circle around him, then reached out and placed a hand on his chest, gently running it over the soft fabric. Her hand brushed across his nipples, and he felt them go hard, pressing against the cloth. Her hands rubbed down his sides, then drew circles on his slightly chubby stomach. They found their way behind him, and gently squeezed his bottom, before returning once again to his tummy.

Dan was determined not to move. He was going to stand there, as still as a statue, not speaking, just letting her explore.

Her hands found his bare thighs, and gently ran over the leg bands of the cloth, as well as the Goodnight that was poking out. She made eye contact with him, and smiled. He was looking into her eyes, when he suddenly felt the palm of her hand come to rest flat on his crotch.

He started sweating slightly, and swallowed deeply, but he still didn't speak or pull away. She gently applied a minimal pressure, and softly ran her hand backwards and forwards against his groin, and could feel his boyhood stiffen instantly, straining against the pull up he wore.

On the third pass, her hand went deeper between his spread legs, where it suddenly gripped the back of his crotch flap, and pulled down gently but firmly. There was two soft popping sounds as the press studs gave way, and the flap fell forward.

Her hand found the front of his pull up, and massaged the pulsating front of it. He was starting to tremble a bit, and thought that he was going to ejaculate in his nappy for the third time within the last twelve hours or so.

But she didn't push him that far this time. She merely smiled at him, and stepped back, declaring "I think your still dry, Little Danny, at least for now. Wearing that onesie definitely makes it a lot easier to check your diaper, doesn't it? Now scoot off and have a shower. Little Dan and Amy have a big day at the beach planned, and I need to get dressed."

*268*2016-06-10 13:57

Chapter 22:

Dan peeled his Goodnight off, and his member was still standing at attention. It remained upright while he showered, and he considered taking himself by hand, but in the end, he chose to ignore it until it went down by itself.

When he had dried himself off, he pulled his pants on, not knowing if Amy was still in his room or not. She wasn't, and her bag was gone, so he figured she must be downstairs. He was a bit hesitant as to choosing what to wear. They we're going to the beach, and they were no doubt going to play some wetting games, but he wondered exactly what Amy had in mind. He hadn't given it much thought at all, apart from his ideas of watching Amy wet herself on the beach. But now, she was going to wear a dress or something, and they were going to play as little kids, so he didnt know if he should wear clothing somehow specific to her ideas. He decided to ask her first. Stopping briefly to put his dressing gown on over his bare torso, he went downstairs to find her.

It wasn't hard. She was in the downstairs bathroom, music blasting from her phone, applying makeup in front of the mirror.

The girl hadn't wasted any time. She was wearing a mid thigh length black cotton skirt, and a grey "21 Pilots" t shirt. Her blonde hair hung straight but untied around her shoulders, and had randomly placed purple streaks in it. Her nose stud had been replaced with a silver ring, and she was applying eyeliner.

She was again becoming the semi goth princess that he had met for the first time a week ago today. Gone was vulnerable "little" Amy. Standing in front of him was a strong, tough, independent young woman.

Even though he knew that this was a bit of a facade, and the real Amy was tough, but still vulnerable, the attraction he had felt upon his first sighting of her last week, hadn't waned in the slightest. If anything, knowing that in fact she wasn't as confident as her punk demeanour hinted at, only made her so much more real and genuine to him. He understood that she wanted to appear tough and confident to the outside world, to mask the self doubt that she battled with every day.

He loved her all the more strongly because of this. Perhaps because he could relate to it.

"Wow Ames. You're beautiful. Really, really pretty. You know that?"

She beamed with pleasure at his compliment.

He continued. "If you remember, this is like how you looked when we met for the first time at the hospital last week. I think I already told you, but at the time, I couldn't believe that such a hot girl would ever talk to me." He stepped forward, and wrapped his arms around her stomach, and hugged her tightly, "and I still can't."

It looked like she had tears in her eyes when she spun to face him, wrapping her own arms around his neck, and drawing his head towards hers.

"Don't sell yourself short, Catholic boy. You're pretty fine yourself!"

They shared a kiss. It wasn't a big, passionate one, just a gentle sharing of mutual affection. Once it was over, they parted, and Dan stepped back.

"Soooo," he started, just for the sake of breaking the silence, "what are we doing, and what are we wearing?"

He almost shivered when he saw her grin.

"Put ya hands up over your eyes, Danny boy, I'll show you my full outfit!"

Grinning somewhat foolishly, he did as he was told. He heard the rustling of clothing, then she told him it was safe to look.

He opened his eyes, and was greeted by the sight of his girlfriend standing in front of him, hands on hips. She was clad in a black lycra bikini top, which accentuated her already large breasts, and a Molicare pull up diaper. He felt his jaw drop open slightly.

She gave him "that" grin again, and asked, "Danny, wanna see what's under my diaper?"

Before he could answer, she grabbed the waistband, and suddenly pulled it down.

Dan audibly gasped. But soon exhaled when he regained his composure.

Amy was wearing a small pair of black lycra bikini briefs underneath.

She didn't acknowledge the trick that she'd played on him, but instead just kept talking, as if she hadn't nearly given her boyfriend a coronary seizure.

"As you can see, I'm wearing my bikini. It's perfect actually. I know that it's almost impossible to tell when my pants are wet. But I'm gonna wear a pull up over it, and my skirt that you just saw. You?"

"Dunno Ames. That's what I wanted to ask you. Any thoughts?"

"If I was you, I'd wear something dark. What're you gonna wear for protection?"

"Well, I'd already thought of my black boardies, and I might wear my speedos for undies, but I was thinking I might just wear a Goodnight until we get there. I mean, I'm only wearing in case I have an accident in the meantime, once we get there, having an accident is kinda the whole idea. A Goodnight won't be noticeable under my shorts either, and I won't be wasting a expensive nappy."

Amy squealed when she heard this. "Oh Danny! That's perfect! I wanna wear one too! Have you got a spare one?"

He laughed. "Cause I have! Mum got me two packets last week, and I've hardly touched them. I can still wear the one I put on earlier, it's still dry, and I'll take some for us to change into. But will a Goodnight be enough for you?"

"Hell yeah Dan! We're only a 15 minute ride from the beach. And as you said, once we get there, it won't matter."

Amy started to fold her diaper back up, then put it in her bag, then pulled her skirt back up.

"Quick question Dan. Ever worn a diaper OVER your underpants before?"

He laughed at that. "No! Why the hell would I? What's the point?"

"The point is Dan. It's fun. For no reason, just because. It feels all different if you have your underwear on when you wet. It sorta keeps you feeling wet a lot more. I mean your diaper usually draws the wetness away, and you don't always feel it as much, but if you have your knickers on, you can always feel how wet you are."

Her eyes suddenly lit up. "I know what we'll do! You're gonna wear your speedos under your shorts, are you?"

Not knowing where the conversation was going, all Dan could do was nod.

"Before we go, we're gonna wet our bathers first, THEN put our pull ups on! It'll be awesome! We'll feel like we've wet ourselves, because basically we have, but we'll have our pull ups on, so we won't show any wet spots or anything on our clothes! You'll see. It feels really naughty to have wet knickers on in public!"

"How do you know all this Ames? How did you ever come to wear a nappy over your panties in the first place?"

"Easy Dan. When I started have swimming lessons after my accident, when I was about eight or so, I used to wear a pull up under my dress to my lessons, and I'd get changed into my swimsuit at the gym. But after my lesson, I'd usually just towel myself off in my one piece, and get as dry as I could. I wouldn't shower at the gym, but wait until I got home instead. But I'd wear a pull up over my damp bathing suit until I got back home, just in case, and I'd put my dress or skirt back on. And we didn't always go straight home. Sometimes, mummy and me would stop for a bite to eat, or to do shopping. By that stage, my bathers would be dry, at least most of them would be, but I'd often do a pre-emptive strike if I needed to, or even sometimes I'd have an accident. Or, I might get home, and not have a shower straight away. So I've worn a nappy over my wet bathers heaps of times! You gotta try it!"

Again, he found himself agreeing without argument. The truth was, he didn't want to argue. It did indeed sound like fun, and he told her so.

He waited for her, and she applied some dark red lipstick, then tied her hair back in a simple ponytail. She packed her stuff into her bag, and they went back to Dans room together. He rummaged in his wardrobe for a moment, and reappeared with six Goodnights.

"These are cute Danny. Love the car pictures! Mine used to have butterflies and girlie stuff on them. I remember having teddy bear ones when I was little, they looked just like my teddy," she added wistfully.

She examined the boy fashioned pull up, then stepped into it, and pulled it up under her skirt.

Dan picked his previously worn one off the floor, then found his speedos, followed by his board shorts and top. As he opened the bathroom door, Amy indicated him to stop.

"Danny, before your mum gets back, could you do me a favour?"

Warily, he responded, "Yeeeaahh, what exactly?"

"Well, I'd kinda like to see you in your speedos. I promise I won't touch, but I'd like to see my guy in his little swimming pants?"

Flustered yet again, he didn't answer, just quickly stepped into the bathroom, closing the door quickly behind him. He had to pause and ask his reflection, "Danny mate, what the fuck are you doing?"

Sighing, he quickly took his gown and pants off, then pulled his speedo briefs on. They were dark green, with gold trim on the short sides. Australian Swimming Team colours. He tied the waist cord up, glanced again at his reflection, and shook his head at himself in a gesture of defeat.

Then he opened the door.

Last week, Amy had seen him bare chested, she had seen him diapered, and she had seen him wearing a little swim diaper. But when he'd been bare chested, he'd had pants on, and when he'd been diapered, he'd had a shirt on.

This was as close to being naked that anyone had seen him for at least a couple of years, his mother included.

The door swung open, and Amy was looking up at the sound of it.

He stood there, his fairly tight swimming trunks leaving nothing to the imagination. He swung himself around in a slow circle, then closed the door again without speaking.

Amy was temporarily stunned. She had now seen Dan in the most vulnerable attire possible, short of wearing just a diaper, and thought he was just incredibly cute.

If she was to tell the complete truth, she was a bit surprised that he looked so "small" in his little bathers, particularly after touching him a few times through his nappy. He'd felt quite large. But he certainly looked a lot smaller when she'd seen him.

Off course, she'd never say that to him, knowing it was something that you never said to a boy. She guessed, (correctly,) that he had probably been a lot more aroused when she'd touched him previously, and was probably a lot more shy and nervous when he'd paraded himself in front of her.

She was shaken from her thoughts by the sound of the door opening again.

This time, Dan appeared to be wearing just a Goodnight, although she knew that he still had his speedos on, as she could see them showing through the thinner elastic on the side panels. Again, he didn't speak, but just did a slow turn, showing off his pull up, front and back.

The door closed, then reopened again less than a minute later. This time, he was fully dressed, or at least as fully dressed as you would expect for a beach trip. He was wearing a white Chicago Bulls singlet, and loose fitting black board shorts.

He was also blushing furiously.

She just smiled sweetly at him, and gave him a kiss on the cheek to let him know how much she had appreciated it.

They loaded Amys big denim bag right up. Towels, sunscreen, two bottles of water, the four spare pull ups, wet wipes, and hand sanitizer. For insurance, a pair of shorts and panties was added. She made sure her cigarettes were safely hidden in the bottom, next to her pacifier, and added a bag of chips, as well as peanuts.

Dan loaded his own backpack with a change of pants and underwear, and added a tennis ball and frisbee as well.

By 12pm, when Sue got back, they were nearly ready, and started to say their goodbyes to her. Sue had again been surprised by Amys appearance. Once again, she looked older than her true age, and much older than the little girl in the footie pyjamas and the teddy bear who she had been speaking with only a couple of hours ago.

"Danny, before we go, we should go to the toilet first I reckon. I'm gonna go down here. You go to your bathroom, and I'll be ready in a minute,"

Smiling to himself, Dan put phase one of their plan into action.

Safely inside his bathroom, he removed his shorts and Goodnight. Sitting on the toilet seat, he released his bladder, and was a bit surprised by the amount of pee that flooded through his speedos, completely soaking them from the waist to well into the crotch.

He had peed in the shower only an hour ago, and hadn't been aware of just how much he had been holding. Yes, he had been able to feel a slight need, but he had been surprised by the volume he'd produced.

Dan wiped the excess drops off with a damp floor towel, then pulled his Goodnight and shorts back up over his wet speedos.

Meanwhile, in the downstairs toilet, Amy was mimicking his actions. She was sitting on the toilet, and peeing freely through her black bikini briefs.

The biggest difference was, that her pants and pull up appeared to be a little bit wet already, and she hadn't noticed until she had run her hand through the Goodnight to check it. She had obviously had at least one, and possibly more leaks, that she hadn't even been aware of. But she really didn't care, and mirrored his behaviour, by blotting herself as dry as she could with toilet paper, then pulling her slightly damp pull up back on under her skirt.

After saying goodbye to Sue, they gathered their bags, put their flip flops on, and headed for the bus stop.

"See Danny! Told ya that wet knickers felt good, didn't I?"

Dan had to agree.

*270*2016-06-10 23:53

{{1 hour ago, Minervafan110 said:

Another Amazing chapter Barry I can't wait to see all of the fun that they will have at the beach

}}

Thanks again for your support Minervafan110.

Im still having a lot of fun writing this, and I'm expected the beach trip to be fun!

*272*2016-06-11 05:14

Chapter 23:

They sat beside each other at the bus stop. Amy immediately pulled a big bottle of water from her bag, drank deeply, then passed it to Dan.

"See what I mean about having wet knickers under your diaper, Dan? Feels pretty awesome, doesn't it?"

"Feels kind of weird Ames. I feel like I've pissed my pants, and I keep going to feel them, but they're dry! But I see what you mean though. It's just like I told you before, I do kinda like the feeling of being wet but nobody else knowing."

Tilting the bottle back, he took some big gulps of water again, draining nearly half the bottle, then he returned it to Amy.

"Drink up Amy. I'd kinda like it if we could be wanting to pee when we get there."

Agreeing with this fine idea, Amy drank deeply as well. There was less than a third left of the 1.5 litre bottle, and she put it away. "I might buy some ice tea when we get there Dan," she said.

"Sounds good baby. Just don't get anything that'll make your tummy play up, alright?"

"Trust me mate. I won't! I've gotta tell you, I'm sorta excited about this, and I don't just mean the wetting part either. Like I told you, I just don't go to the beach very often. I've been in Perth for four months now, and there's beaches everywhere, but I haven't gone for a swim at one yet! Mum and I have gone for a walk at a few, but I've never bothered swimming."

"Why not Ames? Seems a bit silly to go to the beach and not swim!"

"It's just not practical Danny. I won't go with any of the few friends that I've got, because of my diapers. It's one thing for them to know that I wear them, but another thing to have to take one off or put one on in public. I've thought about doing what we're doing of course, and using the toilet block, but my friends just wear their bathers to the beach, and change there. It just draws attention to myself if I'm the one who needs to change."

"Even if I did, then I'd be kinda paranoid that my friends are gonna all be watching me, waiting for me to wet myself in front of them, and of course I would eventually."

"I could've had a swim when I've gone with mum before, but she's shit scared of sharks, and just refuses to go in the ocean, and I'm too old to have my mother take me to the beach and sit in the sand watching me swim by myself. That's kinda embarrassing."

Dan saw her point, and agreed with her. "But no such worries today Ames. I'm looking forward to seeing you pee on the beach!"

"Me too Dan. Same goes for you as well. Are we gonna play as kids today? Like Little Dan did last week?"

"That's what I'm hoping for Ames. I kinda thought we might pretend to be little kids for a while. How old should we be?"

"Old enough to not be babies, but young enough to do a wee in our pants and not care! Maybe seven or eight?"

"Sounds good to me! We'll be little kids playing on the beach, and allowed to pee in our pants then!"

He grabbed for the water bottle again, and took another drink. "You know something else? Another thing I like about going to the beach, is watching other people, and wondering if they wet themselves in the water. I mean that I'm pretty sure that most people do of course. The toilet blocks are way back up on the foreshore, and there's always lots of families with kids there, and not many people walk all the way back up to the toilets, unless they need to do a poo of course. Even the grown ups. They can't just walk away and leave the kids, so they must pee in the water as well."

Amy was intrigued by this. "I never really thought about that Dan. I bet you're right. Have you ever seen anyone wet themselves at the beach?"

"Apart from myself in front of my class you mean?" He had a wry smile on his face, but the memories of his most embarrassing accident ever obviously had left a scar.

"Oh Danny! I'm sorry sweetie. I didn't mean to make you feel bad!"

He shook his head, and tried to laugh it off. "Nah. Don't be silly Amy. It's cool. It just still makes me cringe a bit, that's all. But yeah, I've seen stuff lots of times. Kids being told to go in the water too pee. Grown ups just getting up and walking into the water, standing waist deep for a minute or two, then getting back out and sitting down again. I've seen people, not only little kids mind you, but teenagers and adults as well, with suspicious wet spots on their pants too. But I don't think I've ever seen anyone actually piss themselves though." He grinned at her. "I've got a feeling that I might today though!"

They shared a good laugh at that, and were still chuckling when the bus appeared, pulling up when Dan stuck his arm out.

Showing their students passes, they boarded the bus, which was only about a third full, and took their seats in the back row.

Amy pointed out the lack of people on the bus, expressing her surprise that it wasn't packed.

Dan laughed. "It's not a real hot day Amy, I'm not surprised."

"Whaddya mean? It's gotta be at least 24 degrees today?"

He actually laughed out loud at that. "This is cold for Perth baby. Remember only a couple of months back? We had 40 degrees or more for like a week in a row or something! West Aussies like it to be over 30 to go to the beach! It doesn't bother me all that much though. As long as the suns shining, it's usually warm enough. I don't think it'll like be packed or anything though. We'll have to go next summer. It'll be hard to move there then."

Dan paused, seeming to contemplate something. Then he pulled his phone from his pocket, and got on the Internet.

"Whatcha doing?" Amy asked inquisitively.

"Remember we talked about Adventure World?" She nodded. "Well I just had a thought. They close in Autumn. I wanna see how much longer they're gonna be open for. Here we go....Shit! See? Next weekend is the last one! Then they close until September! If we're gonna go, it'll have to be next week!"

They started talking about it, and Dan was excitedly telling her about all the cool rides and stuff. The bus gave a jolt from the front first, then the back lifted up as they went over a speed bump, probably a bit quicker than advisable.

Amys hand grabbed Dans knee. She winced slightly, then leaned in his direction, and whispered in his ear.

"Danny. I just wet myself. I wasn't expecting that big bump. It wasn't just a small leak either. I actually did a wee!"

Dan was seated in the aisle seat, and she was beside him, with the backrest of the empty seat in front of her giving her some privacy from anybody looking in their direction.

Moving slowly and discreetly, she raised he backside up, and pulled her skirt out from underneath her, so she was no longer sitting on it. She placed her diapered butt and bare thighs gently back down on the upholstery.

"Just in case" she whispered.

A few minutes passed, when again she leaned over. "How much longer Danny?"

"Not long now Ames. Only a couple more stops. You okay?"

"No. Not really. That waters going straight through me. I'm not gonna make it. I'm gonna have to do a pre-emptive strike. I just can't hold it!"

She reached around behind her, and made sure her skirt was well out of the way. Then, she took hold of Danny's hand with her left, and without thinking about it, she put her right thumb in her mouth, not fully, but just enough to gently gnaw at her thumbnail. Dan had already noticed how her right thumbnail was a lot shorter than her other nails.

His dick was hard again, trying to stand up, but held in place by the padding of his pull up. He didn't mention this of course, but smiled encouragingly at her. She managed to return his smile without removing her thumb, then her grip on his hand tightened. She only had small hands, but her grip was strong.

She maintained the pressure for what seemed a long time, and Dan could see their stop approaching, but he couldn't ring the bell while his girlfriend was holding his hand while wetting her pants.

Eventually she shuddered, and her grip loosened. Dan was able to press the button on time, and the bus slowed down as it pulled in.

He stood up, and stepped into the aisle to let his girlfriend stand as well. She grabbed her bag, and stood up quickly, letting the back of her skirt fall back down in the process. They looked at her seat, which was covered in a black fabric with a wild pattern of abstract bright colours in it.

Even though it was black, they could see a large, visible wet patch on it, the size of a small plate.

As she stood, a couple of drops fell from beneath her skirt, and landed on the floor of the bus. She could feel a little tickling sensation on her inside thigh as they walked towards the rear doors of the bus. As luck would have it, they were the only people at the back, so they didn't have to walk past anyone else.

They got off at the foreshore, with a large grass area in front of them. There was barbecues, toilet blocks, multiple playgrounds, outdoor showers, picnic benches, pergolas and trees. The other side of the busy road was full of coffee shops, cafes, ice cream parlours, amongst other similar establishments.

Amy was paying little attention to any of it. All she could concentrate was the two pee trails snaking down her legs, by now past the hem of her skirt, and tickling her knees.

Grabbing Dans hand, she quickly stepped off the concrete footpath, leaving behind only a solitary incriminating drop to indicate the drama that had unfolded beneath her skirt. Once safely on the grass, she stood under a large tree, looked at Dan, and could see how excited he looked.

"Just hold on a second mate. Now I'm up, I think there's more to come," she drew in a deep breath, "yeah, just wait a moment. I haven't finished yet."

Seconds later, a bigger trickle emerged, and ran all the way to her foot.

She smiled at him. "Guess what? Little Amys at the beach for the first time, and I think she's just wet her pants!"

*274*2016-06-11 12:06

Chapter 24:

Amy rubbed her legs together, thinning the pee trails right out. She reached into her bag, and pulled out a couple of wet wipes. She gave a quick glance around to make sure nobody was paying any attention to them, then she bent forward and gave her legs a quick wipe with them, then wiping her hands before depositing the used rags in a nearby bin. The whole wiping process was over in seconds, but Dan still glanced around nervously, feeling like the eyes of the world were on them.

"So watcha want to do, pretty girl? Wanna get changed first? I wouldn't mind getting something to eat, and you wanted tea?"

"You're right on all counts Danny. First of all, I need to get this stupid kiddies pull up off. Honestly, I don't know how you can trust them! I just couldn't wear one of these to school!"

Dan laughed. "I know what you mean. It's why I keep considering switching to the Molicares full time. But you gotta remember. I make a much bigger effort to go to the loo all the time at school. I don't try holding on for to long, cause I know what'll happen. The teachers all know to let me go whenever I ask, and I go at every break, before school starts, and before I catch the bus, or go with mum.

The Goodnights are just to catch the little leaks or dribbles I sometimes have when I'm running around playing, or on my way to the toilet. They're perfect for that, and thin enough that no one can tell.

But I know that if I ever have a big accident, like you just did, well, then I'll be in trouble."

Considering his explanation, she had to accept it. "S'pose your right Dan. They're perfect for that. I'm just not used to leaking like that! I mean, didja see that poor bus seat? Oh my God, I feel so guilty about that!"

Dan was grinning, and she tried to ignore it, but it was hard.

"Fuck you Catholic boy! I do! I do feel guilty!"

Then she snorted through her nose as the laughter overtook her. That was enough to start Dan going, and they burst into fits of giggling.

"Oh bugger it! I'm going to change!" She stormed off to the nearest toilet block.

When she returned a few minutes later, Dan was in control of his giggles again. "Did you just take it off, or did you change it?" He enquired softly.

"I changed it mate. If we we're going straight onto the beach, I would've left it off, but I'm with you. I'm kinda hungry, and I just couldn't have sat down in that without getting my skirt all wet. You should see my bikini pants! They are soaked! They're wet from all the way on the back elastic, to nearly all the way up the front. It's really only the sides and very top of the front that's still dry! I hadta put another one on."

They bought some hot chips and ice tea at one of the shops, then returned to the foreshore picnic area to eat. Finding a picnic bench behind the playground, but set back from it and the adjoining barbecue area, that had lots of people cooking and kids running around, they sat down side by side to eat. Ripping open the paper wrapping, and opening the bottle of iced tea, they lapsed into a comfortable silence while they ate.

After a few minutes, Amy spoke first. "What about you Dan? You've been knocking the water back. Do you need to go yet?"

"Funnily enough, not yet. Thought I would by now, I must've drunk a litre of water already, but nothing yet. But I guarantee you, when I do get the feeling, it'll be like super urgent."

They ate and drank for a while, just making happy small talk. Then Amy nudged his leg with hers, interrupting him.

"Dan, look at that boy there. The one in the red shorts."

Dan looked towards the playground. There was a big fort with a slide, a climbing net, and a little flying fox. There appeared to be about eight kids, ranging in age from a toddler boy, to a girl of about ten, all running around barefoot in the sand, playing chases or something.

Standing slightly off to the side, was a little boy of about eight years of age. He was wearing a pair of bright red shorts, but nothing else. He had his hand clamped firmly in his crotch, and was keeping his legs pressed tightly together. He stood very still, except for his head, which was swivelling around nervously.

"That boy needs to pee," Amy observed.

They were too far away to see his facial expressions clearly, but his body language seemed to confirm it. He appeared to be frozen in place.

That didn't last long. He looked down at his pants, and a big wet patch suddenly appeared. Within seconds, his little feet were standing in a puddle.

The eldest kid, the ten year old girl, who was dressed in a pink one piece swimsuit, apparently noticed what had happened, just as the boy started to cry. She grabbed him by the shoulder, and led him towards the barbecue area, where the adults were eating and drinking. The boy waddled like a duck as he walked.

The girl spoke to a young woman there, who looked down at the little boy. Dan and Amy were too far away to hear any conversation, but the lady looked to send the girl quickly away, then comfort the boy in the wet shorts. He was given a drink and a sweet of some kind, then went running happily back to his friends in the playground.

Soon, he was running around in his wet pants, part of the game again, and not one of the other kids even seemed to notice, let alone say anything.

Amy started rolling up there empty chip wrappings. "Didja see that boy Dan? That'll be us when we get to the beach. You're Little Dan, I'm Little Amy, we're eight years old, and if we wet ourselves, it won't matter. Nobody will care."

"I'm looking forward to it Ames," he took a big drink of tea. "Are you ready to go yet?"

"Not yet Danny. I wouldn't mind a smoke first? Whaddya say?"

"What, right here? What if someone sees us?"

"Yeah! Why not? Nobody's watching us, and we won't be like super obvious about it or anything! I've never smoked in like a public place before. I've only ever done it at home, or in an empty playground. It's not like our mums are going to walk past or anything."

"Yeah. I suppose your right. It just feels like kinda really exposed here. But you're right. Nobody's paying any attention to us. Go on. Get 'em out."

Amy lit a smoke, and passed it to him, then lit another for herself. They sat there in silence, trying to look casual, but remain inconspicuous at the same time, and not draw attention to themselves.

Dan was halfway through, and starting to feel a lot more comfortable about what he was doing, when he noticed Amy smiling, and looking over his shoulder.

He jumped off his seat, and felt a shot of pee shoot into his pull up, when he was suddenly grabbed violently on his shoulders.

"Dan the Man! Miss Amy! How are you guys doing?"

Looking up in a panic, he was greeted by the site of a dark skinned youth standing beside them, and beaming broadly. His Indian friend, Ali, from school.

Before he could answer, Ali did a double take. "Shit! Are you guys smoking? Really?"

Amy didn't bat an eyelid. "Sure Ali" she offered him the packet, "like one?"

Ali looked around nervously, then grinning widely at her, his perfectly white teeth contrasting with his dark skin. "Shit yeah! If you can spare one." He sat on the opposite side of the wooden table, directly across from them. He lit a cigarette, coughed slightly, then appeared to relax a bit more, getting a feel for it.

"I didn't know you guys smoked! You're a quiet one, aren't ya Dan? You don't say much. First we find out you're dating the most beautiful girl in Perth, and now, we know you're really a bad boy under your sweet and innocent exterior. Full of surprises, you are."

Amy laughed at his exaggerated compliments, then took a deep drag on her cigarette. "Hi Ali! What're you doing here?"

"I'm on my lunch break. My uncle has a kebab shop up the road, and I help him out sometimes. With the other guys away for the weekend, I had nothing to do. So I called him, and he gave me some hours. It's a shit job, but it gives me some extra money. When you're only fourteen, you take what you get I suppose." He took a deep drag.

Dan pointed to his cigarette. "You've obviously done this before mate."

"Yeah. When me and Scott and Matthew stay at Matts place, we usually get to smoke there. There's no chance of smoking at my place though, I've got like five brothers and sisters, so we don't sleepover there often. No room or privacy. At Scott's place, we go for a walk or something."

"You do realise that you've never mentioned it either Ali? You never told me what you guys get up too."

"Well what do you expect man? You're the new kid! We don't just go telling everyone about what we do! We did invite you along, remember? You would of been fully initiated then! No secrets kept at all! Seriously Danny. You seem like a top bloke! You really should come to one of our sleepovers one weekend. You'll fit in fine, and you'll have a great time! We all like you. It'll be great!"

He slowed down as he started to think about it a bit more. "The only problem is Scott. I mean he likes you and all, but it's his little night time problem that I mentioned by mistake before. Because of that, he's really like shy about having others around. But I'm sure if he knew you weren't gonna hate on him or anything...."

Dan responded. "I get it pal. As I toldya before, Scott's night time stuff really doesn't bother me, but I can't really just bring it up in general conversation, can I? You and Matt need to talk to him first. Believe me, I'm happy to talk to him!"

Ali nodded, and put his smooth out, "Yeah, guess your right Dan. I'll talk to Matt first. We'd like you to come along ya know. We have heaps of fun!" He checked his phone. "Shit! My breaks up already. Can I steal a drink?" Without waiting for an answer, he helped himself to a big drink of their iced tea. "Gotta go guys. Have fun!"

"I like him," said Amy, "he seems like a nice kid."

"Yeah, he's great," Dan said, "except the bastard made me piss myself a bit when he grabbed me..."

Amys eyes shined with excitement. "Really Dan? Or are you just saying that?"

"No Amy. It's the truth. I jumped when he grabbed me, and I wet myself a bit. Now, I really need to go, and I don't know what to do."

"Whaddya mean Dan? We'll just go to the beach."

"You don't get it Ames. I like REALLY need to go now! I won't do a pre-emptive strike in case I leak like you did, I can't take my nappy off on the beach, and if I go to the toilets and take it off, I'll need to pee there because I probably won't be able to to hold on long enough to make it onto the sand."

"Don't panic Dan. Just go to the toilet and take it off. Maybe you can try to just do a little pee in there, then hold the rest. All you can do is try. If you have to go, then go. I don't want you to have a big embarrassing accident before we get there."

Dan agreed to try. They gathered their belongings, and walked past the playground on their way to the toilet. The little boy in the wet red shorts was again playing happily, without a care in the world.

Dan decided to try and hold on. He went into the toilet block, and was relieved to find an empty stall. The stall beside his was occupied, and he was very self conscious about the noise and movement he had to make. He also noticed that the gaps under the side walls was quite high, and he could see man sized feet in the stall next to him. This meant that his pull up would be visible to the stall next door when he took it off.

Deciding on a plan of action, he turned to face the door, then dropped his shorts around his ankles. He tried to rip the sides off his pull up as quietly as possible. He managed to rip them open, but before he could move, he felt himself leaking into his speedos. Not knowing what to do, he stood there, and pressed his ripped pull up firmly onto his crotch, and peed through his speedos for perhaps five seconds, before regaining control. He could feel how hot and heavy his Goodnight had gotten as he had held it against his underwear.

Only then did he sit down. Again he started leaking, this time the stream ran unfettered through his speedos, and trickled into the bowl. He had no choice but to keep peeing until he was convinced that he had stopped. Using the still dry back part of his nappy, he blotted and wiped as much urine out of the green lycra that he could.

Hoping that the sink area would be empty, he flushed the toilet, and pulled his black board shorts up over his sodden swimsuit, praying that he wouldn't leave a visible wet patch on them. He opened the door, and saw the room was indeed empty. He darted across to the rubbish bin where he disposed of his ruined and drenched nappy. Hearing the other toilet flush, he didn't bother washing his hands, hurrying straight outside as quickly as possible.

Amy was waiting outside, smoking another cigarette. "Took you long enough Catholic boy. I was starting to think you'd fallen in and drowned! I took my pull up of already. How about you?" She passed the cigarette to Dan, who took it gratefully with a shaking hand.

"I've got a problem Ames. It looks like Little Dan might've wet his underwear. A lot. My shorts are gonna get wet before we get to the beach.

"Not much we can do about it Dan. Maybe just try and hold your bag in front of you until we get there. Your pants are black, it probably won't show. Did you like totally empty, or did you hold some?"

"I'm still holding some. But I don't know how much. I don't have to go anymore at the moment though."

They finished the cigarette, and made their way towards the ramp that lead to the sand, Daniel letting Amy walk in front of him like a human shield, while he awkwardly carried his backpack in front of his crotch. It bumped against him with every step he took, and he could feel the wetness pressing against his genitals with every bump. He was painfully aware that every bump was probably making his shorts wetter and wetter.

They made their way to the beach, and found a spot directly in front of the ramp, but a fair way away. There wasn't a lot of people there, and their nearest neighbor was perhaps fifty meters away.

Letting out a big sigh of relief, Dan dropped his bag. He examined the front of his shorts, and found a softball sized wet patch to be visible on his pants, despite the black fabric.

Amy dropped her bag, unfolded a towel, and lay it flat. She pulled her t shirt over her head, undid her skirt, and stuffed them both into her bag.

The sight of her took Dans breath away. She looked like a young Goddess to him, standing in front of him in her little black bikini. Her pants were shiny, and he couldn't tell if they were wet or not. But she was an exceptionally beautiful young lady, and he couldn't believe that she was at the beach with him.

He put his hand on his wet spot, and said in a little boys tone of voice, "Little Amy, I think I did a wee in my pants."

She smiled at him, then put her thumb in her mouth. Almost instantly, a trickle started running down her legs, and running over her feet. "Oops!" She said, so did I."

$$

