Summer with Snape - Page 23

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*554*2012-10-05 23:38

{{: 

Hello awesome writer!

Your story is really awesome :wub: ! I read all 89 chapters in only 3 days

I love the way you write, and though I am a bit annoyed that harry doesn't grow up(minor thing though),

I'm already looking forward to the next updates. Can't wait! :(

}}

Yeah my Harry is regressed a bit...I love him that way. Anywho I'm so glad I gained another fan. I'm so happy you liked the story I love getting new readers :) I'll try to update soon..but I'm so behind on everything right now this has to take a backseat for the moment.

{{:

Omg I totally still check this multiple times a day for updates ! And I reread it all when it went up on ff.net (:

}}

Lol..nice I got a bit bold..but its not as updated on ff like this site. Am trying to get another update this week, so hang on. The next one will be kinda long trying to make up for the long wait. I'm still glad you still love it so much. :)

*557*2012-11-01 21:51

Soorry guys I know this isn't an update, and its already due for a few. A lot of things have popped themselves up in my life and this fanfic took a back seat. I know you're wondering but you get on everyday, true but I'm my phone. My internet at home is off and I need to download something on my tablet to start uploading from there. Again I'm super sorry and I'll try next weekk to upload the two prewritten chapters I have, since its only fair.

You guys have been very patient, and like I said as soon as I can. :)

*560*2012-11-21 22:05

After the longest update in life, forgive me guys. I felt horrible, I still do actually but as Thanksgiving is tomorow, I had to update. Thanks for being so patient and leaving such great reviews in the first place. They make my day really, they do. This chapter was too long, so long that I had to cut it into two parts, which you are getting back to back I should say. This chapter starts off from the last chapter, its a new day though. If you dont remember what happened, this was just after the ice skating incident in which Severus ignored Harry, it happens to most parents. They are human so its not that unrealistic. Anyways, on to the chapter :)

Chapter 90

“Let me see your trousers Harry,” Severus said as he was making sure they had everything by the door.

“Why, they’re buttoned,” he replied with annoyed face as he lifted his shirt up to show his father the trousers.

“I don’t want any close calls today, go get the snap button trousers in the lower drawer of your wardrobe,” Severus instructed him.

“Alright,” Harry said with a sigh as he hurried back upstairs.

Every since that day at the ice skating rink where his father hadn’t been very attentive had Harry very one edge. It was a few days later where Snape and he were more or less back to where they were or so they thought. The man had said that they were going out today, and Harry didn’t know where. He just didn’t want to leave anything to chance.

As he changed into his new trousers his thoughts were once again running wild. His father had a good idea with the changing into easier pants, though that wasn’t what was on his mind. It probably didn’t help that he had a dream last night where his father finally decided that enough was enough in his accidents. He was currently in the bathroom, trying to force himself to use the toilet

He was trying to be responsible and act his 13 years old. He sighed knowing it was going to be a lot of work but if it allowed himself to keep his family he would do it. Frowning at the little bit that came out he flushed and washed his hands before walking out the bathroom and heading downstairs.

“Harry, are you ready?” Severus asked him when he saw him.

“Yes sir,” Harry replied before making his way outside and to the car.

Severus wasn’t oblivious as one might think, and though he had that one off day a few days at the rink. He was very aware of what was going on with his child. He had seen the few glances that Harry was throwing into his direction when the boy thought he wasn’t looking. He also saw how timid the boy had once again become; it was like he was walking on egg shells. Oh he knew the whole situation was his own fault, he knew beforehand he was a parent first.

Harry had been hurt by so many people in his young life, himself included. He didn’t want to stay in that category, so at the moment he was taking him to the Theatre. He had been looking in the muggle newspaper and saw that they had a Christmas show playing. Apparently it was a good one for children or just the whole family, not to mention a bit educational so it was a win, win, for them both. That whole experience wasn’t happening until later on that day, but Severus figured they could spend time together.

“Where are we going?” Harry asked as he buckled his seatbelt.

“I just thought a day out would be nice,” Severus said casually.

“Alright, but where are we going?” Harry repeated.

“It’s a surprise,” Severus replied, hoping this would cheer the boy up.

“I don’t like surprises,” Harry frowned.

“That’s a lie Harry,” Severus said shaking his head.

“Can’t you just tell me then?” Harry pleaded.

“If I must,” Severus said before smiling softly. “Tonight we will be going to see a Christmas show at the theatre.”

“That sounds fun, but what about today? It’s not even noon yet,” Harry said questioningly.

“We will be going to see a professional Quidditch game today,” Severus said casually.

“No way, really! This is gonna be so awesome dad,” Harry said obviously excited. “Who are we going to see?” Harry asked bouncing in his seat.

“I’m not sure, but we’ll see when we get there,” Severus replied.

Harry nodded enthusiastically from where he was sitting, his bad mood all but vanishing. He was a bit sad that Ron wasn’t with them, but it was ok. The fact that he would have his father all to himself made everything a bit sweeter. Harry pulled out his game and started playing, and hour had passed by before he looked up again.

“Why are we going the muggle way instead of Apparating or flooing?” Harry asked curiously.

“Because after we get done with the game, we’re going to be back in the muggle world for dinner and the Christmas show,” Severus said patiently.

“Oh,” Harry replied dumbly before nodding, because that did make sense. “How long until we get there dad?” He asked curiously.

“In another hour we’ll be close enough to it and I can shrink the car and apparate us there,” Severus explained.

“Okay,” Harry replied as he turned back to his video game.

Severus turned on the radio, and after glancing at Harry in the mirror continued on down the road. He lost himself in the music, but that was fine as the hour passed quickly and they neared the apparition point.

“I gotta use the toilet,” Harry blurted out suddenly.

“Is it urgent?” Severus asked as he turned back to look at Harry.

“No but I don’t want to wait,” Harry replied trying not to whine.

“Give me about 5 minutes then,” Severus promised as he drove towards the empty field.

Harry nodded as he packed up his game, and waited for his father to stop the car. He was getting a bit antsy, even though he wasn’t desperate nor did he have to go bad. His whole thing was he didn’t want to humiliate himself today.

“Come on then Harry,” Severus said as he grabbed their daypack and got out the car.

Harry nodded before grabbing his game bag and following suit. He glanced at his father curiously for a moment as the man thrusted a vial at him.

“We’re going to be in the wizarding world today,” was all he said.

“Oh right,” Harry said gulping the potion back immediately, feeling his features change.

Severus pocketed the empty vial before looking around once before shrinking the vehicle. He grabbed Harry’s shoulder and was in the middle of telling the boy to take a breath when said child moved away from him.

“Harry, don’t you want to go to the game?” Severus asked in confusion.

“I gotta pee first,” Harry replied with a frown.

“They’ll have toilets there and we’ll go first thing,” Severus promised.

Harry stubbornly poked out his bottom lip in a pout before shaking his head no. He put his hands on the front of his trousers and looked at the man pleadingly.

“Alright,” Severus said sighing before leading Harry towards the trees.

Harry broke free from his father, handing him his game bag before disappearing in the trees.

“Stay where I can see you,” Severus called out.

"Okay,” Harry agreed as he quickly took care of business.

He frowned once more at the little that he was releasing, and inwardly was sighing at how many toilets trips he was going to be doing today. He shook the negative thoughts away after convincing himself it was the right thing to do. He knew no father wanted a son as a wimp, and he would try his hardest not to be it. He shook his head, trying to curb the childish tendencies as he zipped up.

“I’m finished,” he said as he came out the trees.

“So I see,” Severus said dryly before pulling out the sanitizer. “Hands child,”

Harry put out his hands allowing his father to place some of the cleaning lotion in his hands and he rubbed them together before hugging the man. He took a deep breath and they disappeared with a barely audible pop.

Severus reached out a hand to steady Harry as they landed taking in their surroundings. He wasn’t at all looking forward to the next couple of hours, and he hoped the game would be over fairly quickly. If it moved on later then what he thought it would, they would be leaving early as they have another engagement. He led Harry through the entrance after showing the man their ticket.

“Did you want any snacks?” Severus asked as they passed the snack bar.

“Can I have some chocolate frogs?” Harry asked automatically.

“Did you want anything other than sweets?” Severus asked wryly.

“Maybe a pop or something,” Harry answered.

Severus shook his head in amusement, as he headed to get Harry’s treats. After buying them and handing a few off to his child, he led the way towards their seats. Unbeknownst to Harry, Lucius had made arrangements for them to sit in their box seats. They were some of the best seats in the arena; the only thing was he had failed to mention that they were meeting the Malfoys there. He knew that Harry wouldn’t really mind, so he didn’t think he needed to tell him. Besides the boy would see for himself when they entered, and saw them.

“Where are we sitting?” Harry asked curiously as they seemed to walk forever.

“Up there,” Severus said pointing towards the group of box seats.

“Wow, we get to sit up there?” Harry asked excitedly as he sped up.

“Indeed,” Severus replied as they made their way to it.

He smiled as Harry opened the door and pushed his way inside, before coming to a halt as he realized they weren’t alone.

“Draco, what are you doing here?” Harry asked in confusion.

“I could ask you the same thing, father didn’t say that you were coming,” Draco replied happily.

“Yeah, dad never mentioned anything of the sort either.” Harry replied giving his father a quick glare.

Severus smiled briefly before nodding to Harry and walking over to the bar where Lucius normally sat.

Harry took a seat next to Draco and after getting his eye binoculars, he excitedly starting talking to the boy about who would win the game. As the players took the field the talking ceased as the game started and both boys eyes were glued to the game.

Harry couldn’t believe he was actually watching a professional Quidditch game; this was so much faster then what they played at Hogwarts.

Severus watched the boys in obvious amusement as he talked to Lucius, sipping his drink with a content sigh.

“I can’t believe you said yes to bringing him, I would have thought you would have refused. We all know how much you hate the worthless sport,” Lucius said quoting Severus at the end.

“Emery loves Quidditch, and he’s been in a slump since we went to the ice skating rink,” Severus said quietly.

“Oh yes I heard about that, Draco was extremely angry with you on Emery’s behalf I might add,” Lucius replied.

“I know, and now Emery keeps giving me these looks when he thinks I’m not watching,” Severus murmured.

“Mmmhmm,” Lucius murmured curiously.

Inside though he had been happy that Severus had met someone as into his profession as he was; he did however hate the horrible timing that she showed up in. His friend had been alone for quite some time. As he thought about it he was coming up with a plan, and he promised himself to look into this Potion’s Mistress.

Severus and Lucius talked for about 2 1/2 hours as the boys were content with the game and their snacks. As the dark haired man excused himself for a breath of fresh air Lucius turned to look at the children. He smiled a rare smile at the scene before turning to one of his associates.

Harry couldn’t believe how fun this was, and he was shocked to learn that Draco did know as much about Quidditch as Ron did. He was eager to hear everything that the blonde could tell him and he was cheering on Victor Krum’s team. As the teams called a time out he turned to get take a sip of his drink when he felt it.

He had been neglecting to pay attention to his bladder and as a result it was very full. It wasn’t that surprising considering what he had consumed. He looked around the room wondering where his father was, but all he could see was Mr. Malfoy. Not waiting for it to get any worse, he frowned and made his way to the man.

“Mr. Malfoy, where’s my dad?” Harry asked quietly.

“He stepped out for a moment Emery, what did you need little one?” Lucius asked curiously.

“I have to use the loo,” Harry replied shyly.

“Alright well he should be back in a little bit if you want to wait for him,” Lucius said after a moment.

Harry shook his head miserably, he didn’t wanna wait. “Can’t I guess just go by myself?” He asked anxiously. He would rather brave the toilets by himself then wait and probably end up wetting himself with his luck.

“Merlin no, he would have my head,” Lucius replied firmly. “I’ll take you, Draco did you need the toilet as well?” He asked.

“No father I’m fine,” Draco replied his gaze never leaving the game, as it was starting back up again.

“Then stay in here,” Lucius instructed before standing up. He was just about to head for the door when he was stopped by one of

Fudge’s men. He sighed as he realized the man no doubt wanted to talk to him.

“Mr. Malfoy are we going now?” Harry asked as he stood by the door stiffly and uncomfortable.

“No I need to talk to the Minister, Severus should be back in a few minutes,” Lucius said gently.

“But I need to go now,” Harry responded urgently as he waited restlessly for the man.

Lucius sighed as he glared at the man who interrupted him before wondering how he could get out of the situation with the Minister. He didn’t want nor did he need to ruin the child’s day because of something that he couldn’t control, if the child had an accident. He knew that Severus was planning something for the boy after and he didn’t want to be responsible if the boy was in a crummy mood because of an accident.

“Draco can you come over here please,” Lucius murmured as his gaze passed his son.

“What is it Father?” Draco asked curiously as he walked over to them.

“I need you to go with Emery to the toilet, I would take him but the Minister wants a word with me,” Lucius explained with a sigh.

“Oh um ok sure,” Draco replied as he turned back to the game.

“Now Draco,” Lucius gently said as he prodded his son’s shoulder.

“Yes sir,” he said with a sigh as he turned around and walked towards the smaller boy.

“Stay together,” Lucius told them.

“We will Father,” Draco promised as he grabbed the smaller boy’s hand and walked out the room.

“Sorry,” Harry murmured as they headed to the toilet directly down the hall from them. He didn’t mean for the other boy to miss a part of the game on account of him.

“Its fine, I need to go as well,” Draco replied with a shrug.

Harry didn’t say anything to that, only speeding up a bit as they neared the loo. He rushed in and sighed as he took a place at the end of the line. He turned to Draco with a frown to express his displeasure at the line, only the blonde wasn’t looking at him.

“Professor what are you doing here?” Draco asked in confusion.

“The same as I can assure you’re in here for. Where’s Lucius?” Severus asked, he didn’t see Harry, but at the same time he couldn’t see Draco coming to the toilet alone.

“The minister wanted to talk to him otherwise he would have taken Emery,” Draco replied gesturing towards the smaller boy who was hidden behind the bulk of everyone in there.

“Come up here,” Severus commanded after a moment of deliberation.

“We can’t cut though, they’ll get mad,” Draco replied with a frown as he gestured to the line of men in separating them from his teacher.

“I’m in line for the next available toilet, which is going to be a stall if that flush is anything to go by. You won’t be cutting, now get up here,” Severus said firmly. He wasn’t about to have Harry wait, he wasn’t even sure how bad the child had to go.

“Come on Emery,” Draco said with a sigh as he tugged the boy to the front of the line.

Harry was surprised to see that none of the men in there were complaining about them moving from the end to the front. He didn’t realize that they had allowed it because he didn’t look his age. The majority of them had kids his age and if they were put into the position that they hoped no one would refuse their child if the situation was reversed.

Harry smiled at his father before grimacing as he heard someone turn on the sink. He bounced on his feet for a moment. “I get to go first right?” He asked with a pleading look on his face, holding himself for good measure as he squirmed.

“Of course you do,” Draco replied with an expression of duh on his face.

“Good, because I gotta go pretty bad,” Harry replied with a sigh, as if they couldn’t see that themselves.

Severus looked down at his child in alarm, breathing a sigh of relief when the stall door opened. Ushering the boys inside the stall he locked it, happy to see Harry hurrying to stand in front of the toilet.

“Do you need help Emery?” Draco asked automatically.

“No I got trousers that are easy to take off,” Harry replied as he unsnapped the button to prove a point.

“Wish you would have had them the other day,” Draco murmured before turning towards the wall.

Severus didn’t think Harry heard the blonde boy but he did. He shook his head, deciding when they went home that night to go through Harry’s closet and take out the trousers that gave him the most trouble. Severus idly mused why Lucius didn’t take Harry himself before shaking his head. Knowing the blonde man probably got caught up in a meeting of sorts. He breathed a sigh of relief when the sound of water hitting the toilet in their stall, turning his gaze with Draco who was now blushing. He arched an eyebrow as he stared at his Slytherin for a moment.

“Draco are you alright child?” He asked in concern.

“Yes sir,” Draco replied quietly, wishing he was anywhere but here. He was so embarrassed at the moment, and wanted nothing more but to be out of the stall.

“Then why are you turning a startling shade of red?” Severus asked skeptically.

“What’s wrong with Draco?” Harry asked turning his head to look at the boy.

“Eyes on the bowl Emery,” Severus said automatically. “And I do not know.”

“Nothing’s wrong sir,” Draco stressed awkwardly. He didn’t get how they could be so comfortable with this whole situation.

Severus didn’t say anything else; his Slytherin was anything but alright. He turned towards Harry when he heard the toilet flush to find him snapping his trousers back.

“Go take Draco’s spot, Dragon you’re next,” Severus said gesturing for the boy to go.

Draco stared at his teacher in horror; if that was the case he would wait it out. He didn’t need to go that bad to begin with, or that’s what he was telling himself anyways. He shook his head firmly before glancing towards Harry.

“I don’t need to go sir, I was only here because father said to go with Emery,” Draco replied quickly.

“That’s not true, you said you had to go too on the walk here,” Harry said affronted at the boy for lying.

“I was lying then Emery, I don’t have to go anymore,” Draco lied vehemently.

Severus shook his head, before nodding. “In that case you two wait for me by the door, while I go,” he instructed.

“M’kay daddy,” Harry replied as he unlocked the stall and walked out it with Draco behind him.

Harry washed his hands while his father took care of his own business, though he couldn’t help glancing at the boy next to him.

Draco was standing stiffly and Harry knew that the boy lied; he had failed to remember that the Malfoy child was as modest as they come. As he dried his hands, he stood by the door, being careful of people coming in or leaving.

A few minutes went by before his father re-emerged and headed to the sink. As they exited the toilet and headed back to their seats, Harry was once more excited about the game and he nearly ran back. He rushed into the room and pressed his face against the glass, grateful for their current seats. He knew had they not been in their box seats, he would have been shivering like a few people down below were. He knew warming charms could only do so much.

Harry thanked his father for his lunch before digging into it with gusto, so into his lunch that he didn’t realize that the blonde next to him wasn’t having as much fun as he was before.

*562*2012-11-21 23:52

The Continuation from last chapter...2 updates back to back as Ive said. And its now edited....and continue. So I hope you guys enjoy this..review like always..they rock :p

Chapter 91

Draco frowned as he glanced at his father pleadingly but the man wasn’t even looking at him. He had lied, and he was sure Emery knew that. He would have liked to relieve himself but not in front of Snape. He was sure he could have done it in front of Emery if the boy promised to look away, but his teacher intimidated him too much for him to relieve himself as he so desperately needed too. As his father turned away from the Minister who then headed for the door he saw his chance, and quickly spoke up as he saw his Professor about to speak.

“Father, I’m going to the snack bar,” Draco told him before moving towards the door.

“You’re not even through with your lunch Draco, what more could you possibly need?” Lucius asked in amusement.

“I think they were advertising this new treat, I’m not sure what it is but I want to try it,” Draco said honestly. He did want to try it but that wasn’t the reason why he wanted to go right that moment.

“There is probably a line Draco, maybe wait a half hour or so,” Severus said as he turned to look at the mass of people outside the door. It was because Lucius had his house elf with him, that they didn’t have wait for their food, not to mention Severus had packed Harry a lunch anyway.

Draco nodded as he sat down with a frown. His teacher did have a point, that probably also meant that the toilet lines were long as well. He didn’t think he could stand in front of those people just minutes away from wetting his trousers. He sighed as he poked at his food, before squirming, he couldn’t just sit here. He stood back up.

“It’s ok, I’ll wait in the long line,” Draco said hurriedly as he headed towards his father.

“To be that young, and in love with sweets,” Lucius said grinning as he handed Draco a few coins.

“Oh I know,” Severus agreed as he sipped his drink.

“Hold it Draco, Emery did you want something?” Lucius asked the small boy.

“Um could I have more chocolate frogs, and licorice wheels, and some jelly slugs?” He asked eagerly as he walked over to the man.

“You’ll spoil your appetite for dinner and end up with a belly ache,” Severus said before sighing as if it was a great burden to do so. “But I suppose so,” he smirked before pulling out a galleon and gave it to Harry. “Go with Draco.”

“It’s alright Professor, I can go by myself,” Draco said quickly.

“No I feel safer if you’re both together,” Lucius agreed.

“Kay,” Harry replied cheerfully as he walked out the door with the blonde.

Draco didn’t say anything as he walked with difficulty towards the snack bar. He grimaced as he felt his bladder and it was all he could do not to grab himself right there. He couldn’t hold it, he really had to go.

“Emery wait for me right here, do not move ok?” Draco said once they made it to the snack bar.

“But our Dads said we’re supposed to stay together,” Harry said wrinkling his brow.

“It’s an emergency and I need to do something immediately,” Draco replied urgently.

“Like what?” Harry asked curiously.

“Like take a pee! Merlin, Emery grow a pair! Stop acting like such a baby and wait for me.” Draco nearly screamed in annoyance as he hurried past the boy and towards the toilet. He hadn’t meant to yell but he was just seconds away from leaking.

As he ran through the toilet door, he couldn’t help but grab himself tight as he looked at the lines to the toilets. He moaned lowly, trying not to draw attention to himself, wishing that he had Emery again so they could cut. He bounced desperately and was pacing back and forth in the line to the point where the other males around him were starting to take notice. He wasn’t paying attention however, as he suddenly shuddered and spurted a bit. Draco was horrified to know that he might just wet himself in right there in line.

“Let the lad go next,” a dark haired man with an unlit fag in his mouth suddenly said.

“Who?” A man with a quidditch cap murmured.

“The youngster with the blond hair; who looks as if he is about to release his water all over himself,” an old man replied from somewhere.

“Oh,” the quidditch dude replied dumbly.

“Come up here boy,” the first man said sternly.

“Yes sir,” Draco said miserably. He was horribly embarrassed that he couldn’t remove his hands but he hobbled up to the front of the line, unsure really of what was going on.

“Just hold on a few minutes more, someone should be coming out,” the man said gently before removing the cig.

“One of you needs to hurry up in there, there’s a kid out here who’s got to take a leak,” a guy with dirty blonde hair said loudly.

Draco blushed but he didn’t deny it, there would be no point. There he was forced to hold himself as tightly as he could as he spun in circles and bounced every which way to hold it in. He was doing a little jig, which he would probably laugh about later, but at the moment it was keeping his water where it should be. He winced, glad that no one from school was in here, as he was in a really bad way.

“You go to Hogwarts lad?” The man asked his cig now perched behind his ear.

“Y-yes s-sir,” Draco stammered out before suddenly bending at the waist in agony.

The man swore softly at his position before frowning. “It shouldn’t take all day to pee, quit wanking and get out of there, or I’m coming in,” he threatened his wand unconsciously falling into his hand.

“He’s only about 12, so unless you want to be responsible for ruining this kid’s day then don’t come out,” the man with the dirty blonde hair shouted again.

Draco winced, but decided now was not the time to mention he was 13. He couldn’t believe it to be honest that people where standing up for him. He didn’t think on it much as multiple flushes were then heard, causing him to moan as the water sounds wrecked havoc on his body. He flinched slightly as he turned to find the man pointing his wand at him.

“Relax son, I’m only trying to make things easier for you,” he murmured before flicking his wand lazily.

Draco wasn’t sure what he was doing until he felt his belt and button come undone. They didn’t slide down as he still had his hands deep in his crotch. He nearly cried out in joy as the first man hurried out the stall. He grimaced before he walked with great difficulty into the stall. He turned painfully to close the door only to realize he didn’t think he could make it to the toilet if he did. Tears stung the back of his eyes, and he suddenly looked up.

“I’ve got it,” the man murmured raising his wand once more before the door shut on its own.

At that moment his bladder spasmed and he hurried towards the toilet. He belatedly realized that he didn’t even tell the man thank you, but he couldn’t worry about that now. Pulling his trousers down hastily, and pulling himself out of his boxers, he started peeing rather forcibly into the bowl. He sighed audibly as one hand rested on the wall to steady his now weak knees, thanking everything that he made it. His stream couldn’t be rushed so he didn’t try to stop it; he only just hoped Emery had stayed put.

Harry frowned, putting the galleon into his pocket; he didn’t feel like having snacks anymore. He got out of line and sadly took a seat on the bench, he didn’t understand the boy. First he was mean, and then he was nice, and then was mean again. Why couldn’t he just choose a mood and stick with it? He waited on the bench for about 15 minutes when the blonde boy finally returned looking more relaxed then he went in.

“Ok now we can get some snacks,” Draco said easily as he stood in line.

“I don’t want anything anymore,” Harry replied softly, not moving from his seat.

“Why not?” Draco asked frowning. Had something happened while he was gone?

“I wanna go back to my dad,” Harry replied unhappily as he turned his gaze to the ground.

Draco sighed before standing in line and ordering what he wanted. He shook his head, not sure what was now the matter with the other boy, as he got his things. He hoped no one had said anything to him or tried anything. Snape would kill him, if Emery got hurt while he went to relieve himself. As he went to reach for the younger boy’s hand, the smaller male suddenly snatched it away.

“I don’t need you to hold my hand, I’m a not a baby,” Harry said in a hurt tone angling his body away from Draco as he hurried back to their box.

“Shit, Emery I didn’t mean it like that,” Draco replied hurriedly as he ran after him. His father was going to kill him, right after Snape did. He knew why the kid was mad now; the only problem was he hadn’t meant to be so mean. It was all a misunderstanding, but he knew their fathers wouldn’t see it that way, at least not at first. “Emery; wait up!”

“No, leave me alone Draco,” Harry yelled back as he heard the boy’s footsteps getting closer. He smiled grimly as he neared the door hoping it wasn’t locked or something. Harry burst through the door and immediately headed for his father.

“Did you get your snacks Emery?” Severus asked curiously, wondering what was going on as the child was running straight to him.

“I didn’t want them anymore,” he said burying his head into his father’s side, willing his tears to stay where they were. He didn’t want to turn into the crybaby, he was trying to prevent, but the boy’s words had really hurt him.

“Why not?” Severus asked frowning as his arm came around to encircle Harry. What was going on?

“Draco’s mean,” Harry replied with a sniffle; his tears coming anyway.

Severus sighed before turning to look at the blonde across from him. “Lucius,” he said lowly. He didn’t know what could have happened, as the boys were fine before they left. Severus didn’t want to jump to conclusions, but

Draco didn’t have a good track record when it came to Emery or Harry for that matter. As they were one in the same person and since it all pointed to Draco it didn’t look too good for him.

“I know, I’ll take care of it,” Lucius sighed as he stood up and gestured for Draco to follow him out. He needed to get his child’s side of the story before anything else could happen.

“But Father the game,” Draco said weakly. This was it, he was so dead and all cause he had to wee.

“Now Draconis,” he said firmly.

As soon as the blondes were away Severus picked Harry up and hugged him. “What happened this time?” He asked softly, trying to undo the damage of whatever the boy had done.

“It doesn’t matter, I guess I am acting like he said,” Harry replied blinking back tears.

“Acting like what?” Severus asked in confusion.

“Like a baby, he told me to grow a pair. You told us to stay together, and he had to pee and told me to stay in line, I just wanted to know why,” Harry rushed out before sniffling once more. “Then he blew up at me, he didn’t have to yell at me. I would have waited if he said he’d had to wee in the first place,” Harry replied angrily brushing a few tears away.

“I see,” Severus said sighing. While he knew that Draco shouldn’t have said that, Harry was extremely sensitive at the moment. Then again, given his upbringing it wasn’t so out there as to why.

“Its fine, I’ll grow a pair of whatever that is and I won’t act like a baby anymore. I know I act childish, I’ll quit

I swear,” Harry said firmly, wiping away his tears.

“You don’t act at all like a baby child, you act just fine. Do not take what he said to heart, I’m sure that he didn’t mean it,” Severus said gently, deciding against it to tell Harry what grow a pair actually meant. If the boy didn’t know, he wasn’t about to take away a bit more of his innocence.

“Yes I do, but I won’t anymore,” Harry promised gathering up the courage to remove himself from the man’s chest. He them moved away from his father completely and took a seat towards the front again. He didn’t even look up when he heard the door open and the blondes’ return. He ignored the sniffling boy that took a seat next to him.

“Emery I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that,” Draco mumbled out tearfully. He had forgotten how hard his father’s hand actually was. He had been reminded, and though he only got a few licks, it still hurt just as much as he remembered it did.

“Whatever,” Emery replied as he kept his eyes on the game.

“I’m so sorry,” Draco repeated sniffling. His father had said he had to apologize and mean it. He meant it but the boy wasn’t accepting it. Did that mean he would get in more trouble because of it?

“Apology accepted,” Harry answered formally as he picked up his binoculars.

“Then why do you sound mad at me still?” Draco asked pulling out his handkerchief and blowing his nose.

“I don’t want to talk to you anymore, so just leave me alone,” Harry replied after a few minutes, moving a seat away from Draco as he watched the game. He picked up his binoculars and looked out towards the game

Draco sniffled and frowned, and turned back to the game, but he clearly wasn’t into it like he was before. He wiped his nose on his handkerchief before turning to look at the boy. He guessed the boy deserved to know, after all he hadn’t meant to be a jerk. Maybe if Emery knew why he did it, he would forgive him? He sighed before preparing to tell him, shaking his head at the things he did for the little brat. He smiled dryly, knowing he meant that last term as one of endearment. He saw the little boy as a kid brother he never wanted, so he knew Emery deserved to know why.

“Emery, I am sorry I yelled at you, but I have a good reason why if you want to hear it?” Draco asked softly.

Harry tried to ignore the boy, but his curiosity like it always did got the best of him. He sighed before turning towards the boy. “Why were you so mean to me then?” He challenged.

“I almost wet myself, that’s why I yelled at you because you wouldn’t let me go,” he whispered shamefully.

Harry was looking at the other boy in shock, having not been expecting that answer in the slightest. He sighed to himself but he found himself believing the kid immediately. The boy had looked uncomfortable, and he kept clenching his fists, not to mention Harry had known he lied when they were in the loo. He frowned, why had the boy lied then?

“Why didn’t you go when we were all in the toilet then?” Harry asked finally.

“I can’t go when someone is in there with me, remember?” Draco asked softly, his face already red from crying so his embarrassment was covered a bit.

“Yeah, I’m sorry too Draco,” Harry replied with a frown. “I forgot,”

“Its fine and you don’t act like a baby,” Draco said firmly.

“I do, but I’m working on it,” Harry said with a sigh.

Draco shook his head, hoping against everything that the boy honestly didn’t believe that. He sighed before turning back to the game with a much lighter heart.

“You spanked him,” Severus remarked when Lucius came back in. He could tell as the man was currently shaking out one of his hands.

“I did but it was only 2 smacks. To be honest I wouldn’t have but he said this was the type of punishment for babies, or Emery,” Lucius explained frowning. “He was acting like a baby and I treated him as such.”

Severus was gazing at the boys who seemed to be fixing their conflict before he turned back to the man across from him who was frowning so deep, he was afraid they would leave lines in his forward. “He’s sounds a bit out of sorts, did something else happened?” He asked worriedly.

“Yes, I found out that the reason he yelled at Emery, was because the child was curious as to where he was going,” Lucius said shaking his head.

“What do you mean?” Severus asked in confusion.

“Draco told Emery to wait for him at the snack bar so he could use the loo,” Lucius explained.

“He told me he didn’t have to use it,” Severus said as he quirked an eyebrow.

“I’m sure you’ve noticed he’s very modest, he will not go unless you’re out of the room,” Lucius said in amusement.

“I had forgotten that detail, so he yelled at Emery because it was urgent and my child wouldn’t drop it until he explained it?” Severus guessed.

“Pretty much, and he was telling me that he almost had an accident in the loo, but he was pushed to the front of the line,” Lucius said with a shake of his head.

“That’s good, I can see how he yelled at Emery, to be honest I would have done the same,” Severus said chuckling.

“You wouldn’t have just yelled, I can recall being stupefied because I blocked your way once,” Lucius said grinning.

Severus smirked, before laughing quietly at the memory.

“Is Emery going to be ok Severus?” Lucius asked as they calmed down a bit.

“He’ll be fine in a few hours; Emery is just an extremely sensitive child. I have no doubt he gets it from his mother,” Severus said with a shake of his head.

Lucius smiled. “Of course he does,” he agreed.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

After the game was over the boys had made up of course, especially when one involved meeting the professional Quidditch players which they did. Harry was in a very happy mood when he left. He got to have the game winning snitch and he was currently pinching himself to make sure this wasn’t some kind of dream. He absently noted that he was starting to annoy his father. He had used the toilet about 5 more times since that incident with Draco and the man was starting to give him funny looks. He grinned happily as they headed to the parking lot.

“Wait, wanna visit the toilet before we go,” Harry said absently.

“You just went not an hour ago, I know you do not have to go now,” Severus said with a shake of his head.

Harry frowned. “I do have to go Dad, I feel it here,” he said pressing on his bladder. He winced from how hard he pushed, not from his actual bladder being full, but his father didn’t know that.

“Fine, we might have to get you checked out again,” Severus murmured in concern as they walked towards the toilet.

Though Harry wanted to ask why, he didn’t. He figured asking would open a new can of worms, he didn’t need. He shook his head as he walked into a stall.

When Harry finished they headed back to the apparition spot where once he was holding on his father they disappeared on the spot. They apparated to the empty field they had been before as Snape resized the car and they got in and headed into town. As they drove Severus glanced in the mirror to see how Harry was doing.

“Are you hungry at all?” Severus asked curiously.

“Not really, I had a lot of sweets,” Harry said sheepishly.

“I know I was there,” Severus said wryly. “No matter we’re going to have dinner at this small place because I am hungry. You do not have to eat however,” Severus said reassuring him. He didn’t need Harry to get sick trying to please him.

“Okay,” Harry replied easily as he sat back in the car and played his game.

It wasn’t long when he could feel the car slowing down and he finally looked up to see his dad pulling into a restaurant’s parking lot. Shrugging he grabbed his game and got out the car before walking inside the place with Snape. As they say down in their booths, Harry ordered a hot drink as it was turning cold again and absently drank it as he played his game. He made idle chit chats with the man as he ate dinner, but this conversation was mostly silent.

A half hour later or so the man finished and Harry was starting to feel his apple cider in his bladder. He sighed inwardly but as Snape got up to pay he wasn’t about to let this opportunity go. He turned to head towards the toilet when he felt someone pull him back.

“The exit is this way child,” Severus said with a small smile.

“I know just wanna visit the toilet first,” Harry replied.

“No, you just went before we left the stadium and an hour before that,” Severus said frowning. “There is no bloody way that you have got to go now,” he said.

Harry frowned; the man did have a point once you think about it. He winced before cringing as he noticed his father’s dark unrelenting gaze on him.

“What hurts?” Severus asked worriedly. That does it tomorrow Harry was seeing a healer, he didn’t care which one; albeit a muggle or a magical one.

“Nothing,” Harry said quickly.

“Then why did you wince?” Severus asked, in a tone that didn’t tolerate any lying.

“Because, you were almost glaring at me,” Harry whispered out.

“I see,” Severus said quietly before leading them out the restaurant and to the car.

Severus wasn’t too sure what to make of that statement so he stayed quiet. He was worried that Harry was scared of him now and he hoped that it wasn’t the case. He drove the car to the Theatre and got out, reaching a hand out for Harry’s hand. He was relieved to that the boy grabbed his without any hesitation. He showed their tickets and they were led in to find their seats. As they took a seat he picked up the program for the show they were going to be seeing; The Nutcracker.

Harry looked around in awe as their seats were near the front and he knew that they would have no problems seeing anyone on stage. He started to read the program pushing his bladder to the back of his mind as more people started to come in. He was surprised to note that when the lights started to dim that the theatre was very nearly full, at least form where he could tell. He absently leaned on his father as it got darker, and soon the only place lit up was the stage.

“Why is so dark in here?” Harry whispered anxiously.

“So everyone can see the stage, it will light up more as the scenes change,” Severus said gently as he put an arm around his shoulder.

Harry leaned against him and nodded, feeling his bladder more so from his fear. It was forgotten about as the show started with a young girl called Clara walked onto stage. He found himself moving passed the lack of lights as he watched the show. He squirmed a little bit in his seat frowning for a moment before focusing on the show. He looked at the toy nutcracker that the girl was given for a present at the party.

He found himself getting a bit angry at the boy who started grabbing her toy, reminding him of Dudley and gasped with the audience as the beautiful toy broke. He shifted once more, making him turn away from the show.

“Dad,” Harry whispered softly.

“What is it child?” Severus asked in the same tone.

“I gotta pee,” Harry replied his eyes going back to the stage.

“I’ll take you in a little bit,” Severus replied, figuring Harry didn’t really have to go. After all he had seen the boy use the toilet 5 times in about 3 hours or so. He idly mused what could be so fascinating to Harry in the loo, and shuddered at the thought of him having to give Harry ‘The Talk’.

Harry nodded but didn’t comment, as he turned back to the show. He gasped along with everyone else as Clara suddenly comes face to face with the mouse queen. Harry wiggled about in his seat as the scene progressed, really getting into it. He knew he couldn’t ask to use the toilet again so soon, so he stayed quiet.

Harry was able to push his bladder into the back of his mind for the majority of the show. He got to the part where they enter the land of sweets to meet the sugar plum fairy when his bladder spasmed with a vengeance. He winced and bent over in his seat, his hands going for his crotch. He couldn’t take his eyes off of the stage but he also couldn’t keep still. He whined as he bladder jolted and when he leaked it woke him up a bit.

“I’m about to have an accident,” he hissed to his father urgently as he moved around in his seat frantically.

“What?” Severus asked in shock. Was he hearing wrong?

“Please daddy, I’m gonna wet my trousers,” Harry pleaded, his tone full of his obvious desperation. He felt like he was gonna let go any minute if he continued sitting there.

“Come on, let’s go,” Severus said standing up quickly. He knew that tone, and he also knew they only had a few minutes before Harry inevitably soiled himself, if they didn’t get to the toilet on time.

Harry followed slowly in his bent over position, grateful that it was only them on that two person row, and for once that it was dark. He moaned softly as his father asked an usher where the nearest toilet was. He marched in place as they walked out the theatre and into the nearly empty lobby.

“Where did he say it was?” Harry ground out, looking every which way himself.

“Why didn’t you speak up sooner?” Severus asked as he carefully picked him up. He knew Harry wouldn’t make it, if he allowed the boy to walk there himself, especially given the state he was currently in.

“I did, I told you I had to go in the beginning of the show, and at the restaurant,” Harry replied quickly before groaning into his father’s shoulder.

“I admit I didn’t think you needed to go those times,” Severus said apologetically.

“I understand, I know I was going a lot,” Harry replied as he squirmed in the man’s arm.

“Hold on, we’ll talk about that after,” Severus said easily finding the toilet thanks to the directions and hurrying in a moment later.

“Oh, daddy put me down,” Harry said immediately as he saw the urinals. They had caused his bladder to get a bit overexcited at finally able to get a chance to relieve himself.

“I am,” Severus said rushing into a stall.

“Down now dad I’m serious,” Harry wailed as his bladder started to let go.

“Alright,” Severus replied putting him down, and cleaning off the toilet. As he unsnapped the button, mentally thanking Merlin for them and on getting more of those specific trousers soon. He focused back on Harry, ignoring the rapidly spreading stain on them as he tugged them off and hurriedly placed his child on the toilet.

“I’m a boy,” Harry muttered weakly in relief as he peed, going a bit slack on the toilet from the relief.

“Harry, I know that child,” he replied as he leaned against the wall. “Why were you going to the toilet so much today?”

“Because I was tired of acting like a baby, and I didn’t want to wet myself today. Not that it mattered,” Harry replied miserably as he continued peeing.

“You are not a baby, how many times must I tell you that child? You act the way you do because you haven’t have a chance to experience what you have now. Am I complaining? No, want to know why?” Severus explained gently.

“Why?” Harry asked curiously.

“Because I missed your childhood, and I’m trying to make up for it as well,” Severus admitted his dark eyes intense.

Harry finished, hurriedly pulling up his trousers with a stupid grin. He leaped at the man wet trousers and all and hugged him tightly. As long as the man didn’t mind it, he was all for it. He smiled blinking back happy tears as he was spelled cleaned before being picked up. He relaxed against the man’s chest as they headed back to the show.

*572*2012-12-25 23:16

Happy Christmas guys! or Happy Holidays if you prefer, my gift to you....enjoy it and I hope you guys have a wondeful and safe holiday. I feel totally accomplished for this chapter, I wrote all 4000 words of it on my phone, during lunch breaks and classes. Oh that also means, sometimes my phone doesnt let me put apostrophies and it doesnt spell check like Word does, And though i tried to catch them all I know I failed, so I'm sorry about those errors. :p

Chapter 92

Harry was excited, and was currently sitting on the chair in the floo room, where he was waiting impatiently for his father to come out of his lab. Ever since they got their tree he had been wanting to decorate it but Snape kept saying not today. But they were only a few days from Christmas, and when Harry pointed that out Snape finally said yes.

He told Harry that he would decorate it today, as soon as he finished what he was doing. Harry had been to excited that he said yes to pay attention to what the man was doing in the first place. Now that he was thinking back on it he remembered his father going into his lab, and his insides chilled.

He knew whenever Snape went in there it could be a long while until the man re emerged again. He suddenly realized (or thought he had) been tricked. No longer excited or happy for that matter, he leaned back against the chair. Snuggling up in the arm of the chair he was unable to resist the tears that came. He didn't want to think about it, but this was just like the Durselys. Why would the man do that to him?

Harry was sniffling and crying softly to himself, in his own world, that he startled when he heard the floo. Had they been expecting anyone?

Severus was bottling up the last of his potion when he heard the floo ring. He had been expecting it and moved to wash his hands. Albus had wanted to spend time with Harry, and Severus wasn't going to say no. This was the reason why he refrained from decorating the tree, they had to wait until Albus had a free day.

He knew the child had wanted to do it immediatly the day they got it, but Albus wanted to show Harry how to make magical ornaments and enchant them. Severus allowed it, and he shook his head knowing Harry was going to be excited even more so. Drying his hands he headed upstairs.

Harry wiped his nose with his hand, unsure of what to do until he heard a famaliar voice; the Headmaster! He rushed over and unlocked the floo, allowing the man to floo over. He turned as he unlocked it to see Snape walk into the room.

"Harry, why are you crying? What happened?" Severus asked as soon as he saw Harry's face, rushing over to him concern etched in his features.

At that exact moment Albus flooed over, looking at his two boys in delight before frowning as he saw Harry's face.

"Harry child, whats the matter?" He asked old face etched in concern, unknowingly echoing Severus. Albus moved over to let the man after him come after him.

Remus landed smoothly in the room, stilling instantly as he smelled the salt water. "Harry, who hurt you cub? Was it Severus?" He asked immediatly. The rational part of his brain knew that Severus would never hurt a child, but he wasn't thinking clearly. He moved towards Harry, his feet having a mind of his own.

Harry for his part embarassed but at the time was floored. How dare Professor Lupin say that about it his father? What gave him the right? He clenched his fists, as he turned to the man that had just came into their house.

Albus himself was looking at Severus, waiting to see what he would do. He knew the man's tongue could hurt like a lash if he chose to use it. And he like others didn't like to be accused of doing something they didn't do. But he got the shock when it wasn't Severus who spoke.

"How dare you come into our house and accuse my father of that? Have you no manners? Blatant disrespect of his person and myself for that matter," Harry started off, unaware that he was sounding like his father.

Remus's eyes widen, as he realized what he had said. He usually didnt speak without thinking, that was Sirius's forte. Speaking of which, he could swear he smelled the faint scent of him at the moment. He shook his head knowing that was impossible as he looked at Harry, the child's emerald eyes flashing angrily.

"I apologize Harry, I don't know what came overme. Nevertheless I shouldn't have accused Severus of such a thing," Remus said apologectically.

"Yeah right, you wouldn't have said it if you didn't mean it," Harry said in a dry tone he had constantly heard from his father.

Severus and Albus not to mention Remus himself was suffering from shock as they stared at the child who was breathing heavily. Albus was too shocked for words as was Remus. Severus on the other hand while shocked was a bit proud at how Harry had defended him. He truely was like his mother in that way. He shook his head as he saw the his son's magic picking up.

"Calm yourself child," Severus mumured finally.

"He..why would he think that. You never hurt me," Harry said in disbelief. "How could he say something so foul like that?"

Severus winced, knowing how you sometimes said things in the heat of the moment and then regretted them shortly after. He sighed before shaking his head.

"Because you were crying and its known I dont like children," Severus said truthfully.

"So what? Not everyone likes kids and that doesn't even matter You like me and I'm a kid. Actually you love me. You tell me it every night," Harry, said frowning, unaware of the the headmaster's now twinkling blue eyes at that statement.

Severus shook his head at Harry's admisson, he didnt even have to look at Albus to know the old man was smiling.

"Harry I am so sorry," Remus said regretfully, he knew he made a mistake.

"It's not me you should be apologizing too. You didn'yt accuse me of being a child abuser in my own home," Harry said with a shake of his head in disbelif.

"I truly am sorry Severus," Remus said honestly as he turned to the man.

As Harry was looking at him, Severus nodded at the man. "I accept your apology," he said curtly before turning to Harry. He didnt really but that wasnt the kind of message he was trying to show his son.

"Why dont you go get Paddy and show the Headmaster him." Severus said easily, wanting to get Harry out of the room.

"Kay," Harry replied running out the room.

The minute he was gone, Severus's eyes darkened if that was possible, as he glared at the werewolf in question.

"I was going to overlook the fact that you came to my house uninvited. The invitation was for Albus alone. Inviting yourself was not proper etiquette, but i forgot Gryffindors dont know that." Severus started off coldly.

"Severus," Albus started off.

"Dont Severus me Albus, I said yes because Harry adores you and he would love spending more time with you. If the plan was to insult me in my home then you can both leave. Im pretty sure Harry and I will be ok," he replied with a shake of his head, hiding his frustration.

Severus wasnt going to admit it, but he was hurt. Oh he was extremely hurt, that the man had come into his house and accused him of hurting his child. He couldnt even bring himself to spank the boy, even though at times Harry had defintitly deserved it. The man had come into thier house and insulted him, the one place they didnt have to hide or pretend to be something they werent.

Albus wasnt blind, he knew Severus was A proud man, and he also knew when he was hurt. The man across from him was hurt and that hadnt been their intention at all.

"Severus I am deeply sorry," Remus repeated quietly, reconizing it as well.

Severus didnt answer as he heard Harry's footsteps coming back. He turned, fixing his expression knowing how percepted the child could be.

"Wheres Paddy?" Severus asked looking around.

"Hes hiding, maybe hes shy?" Harry asked frowning.

"Maybe," Severus mumured before ruffling Harry's hair. "Why were you crying earlier?" He asked quietly, as this what had started the whole mess.

"Because you said we were gonna decorate the tree today but you went in your lab," Harry said frowning.

"Yes?" Severus said in confusion. "Im always in my lab."

"Well yes but you tend to forget things when your in there, i thought you might have played a trick on me," Harry replied softly.

"I would never do that, i was waiting for Albus to come. He wanted to show you how to enchant the baubles on the tree like at Hogwarts," Severus replied. "And to make magical ornaments."

"Wicked," Harry replied happily.

"I take it you like that idea?" Severus aksed.

"Yes!" Harry said excitedly turning to the Headmaster who was taking off his traveling cloak. "I can hang it up," he said holding his arm out for it.

"Thank you Harry," Albus replied handing him the cloak.

He along with Remus and Severus watched the boy go to the coat rack and attempt was the key word to hang it up. As the child was short he wasnt making much progress, until Remus slyly levitated Harry with his wand. The boy used to being in the air didnt struggled and hung it up before grinning.

"I did it!" He said with a proud grin before looking at the three in amusment. "So which one of you helped me?" He asked knowingly.

Remus sheepishly raised his hand, and was delighted when Harry beamed at him thankfully. He shook his head as the boy landed on the ground the child was so forgiving. As Remus moved to put his cloak up he smelt it again, looked around.

"What exactly is Paddy?" He asked Harry.

"My dog, I found him and dad says I can keep him maybe," Harry replied grinning.

"What does he look like?" Remus asked wryly, having a hunch, but hoping he was wrong.

"A big scruffy black dog, but hes real friendly. He used to growl at dad but he doesnt anymore," Harry replied smiling.

Remus's face was frozen in shock, and a bit of fear. Sirius was here with Harry, he opened his mouth to say so when he stopped. "Hes friendly, he didnt try to bite you?" Remus asked in confusion.

"Nope, he licks my hand and he sleeps on my bed everynight," Harry replied proudly.

Remus shook his head, so Sirius had ample times to kill Harry and yet he hadnt even hurt him or Snape. That was very peculiar, he knew in his heart that he didnt Honestly believe Sirius had betrayed Lily and James, but the facts or lack there of were there. He turned to look to see that Albus and Severus had taken a seat and were talking about something and he took Harry's hand.

"Want to go look for him?" Remus asked.

"Yes," Harry replied leading the man towards the backyard. He knew the dog was out here, but he was hiding from him. He made a detour towards the pantry to grab a chocolate frog.

"Harry, what do you have?" Remus asked in amusment as he smelled the chocolate.

"Chocolate frog, Paddy loves them," Harry replied cheerfully.

"Harry, dogs cant have chocolate, it'll make them sick," Remus said absently, but then again he was trying not to get his hopes up that this was Sirius.

"Normal dogs maybe muggle dogs. But Paddy is a magical dog," Harry said stressing the word.

"How do you know that?" Remus asked quietly.

"Because hes not freaked out when Dad waves his wand. He doesn't think it means time to play fetch. and he got into my secret stash of chocolate frogs a few times and I thought he was gonna die but he was fine," Harry admitted as he pulled on his coat and hat. His dad would be angry if he walked out in the snow without them.

"I see," Remus replied as they walked out.

Harry closed the door behind them before walking a bit into the middle of the yard.

"Paddy you want a treat! I've got a chocolate frog with your name on it," Harry called.

Remus watched as Padfoot in all his glory leaped out from behind the bushes, he watched him come to Harry before he suddenly turned and growled in his direction. Remus had unconciously pulled his wand out and had it aimed at him.

Stop you can't hurt Paddy!" Harry yelled turning to hug the dog and try to shield him with his body.

"I wasn't Harry, relax Paddy," Remus said calmly as he put his wand away. He cocked his head as he heard Severus calling for Harry.

"Your dad is calling you Harry," he said his eyes never leaving what he knew to be Sirius.

"Don't hurt him okay?" Harry mumbled out. Unsure of who he was warning. He stood up anxiously as he looked from the man to his dog.

"I won't cub," Remus said as Harry disappeared into the house. Remus nodded to Sirius before walking out of view of the house the dog following behind him. Taking a seat behind the shed, and spelled a privacy charm around them. "Transform," he said firmly.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

Back in the house Severus turned towards Harry curiouslly. "I thought you wanted to decorate with Albus," he teased.

"I do but I was showing Professor Lupin, Paddy," Harry replied as he leaned on the chair.

"Of course, the wolf could never stay away from the mutt. Hmm that brings back unpleasant memories," Severus muttered.

"Wolf, whose a wolf? What wolf?" Harry asked in confusion.

"Severus your slipping," Albus said warningly.

"Nevermind Harry," Severus replied quickly before accioing the Christmas things.

Harry frowned but was distracted by the Christmas stuff and dropped it. He hurriedly ran to one box and eagerly started looking inside.

"Be careful Harry, some of the ornaments are old," Severus warned.

"I will, can we have hot chocolate and cookies while we decorate? Please daddy?" Harry asked brightly.

"If we must," Severus said as Tigger set off to do just that.

Severus nodded to Albus before turning on his player with Christmas music. He let the songs play in the background, the camera absently taking pictures.

Harry stood up as the Headmaster showed him, getting really into it. He drank his cocoa and didnt notice when Paddy and Professor Lupin walked back in. Occasionally all 3 men would help him but it was mostly Harry putting the decorations on and he was ok with that.

They took a break for a light lunch, which Harry noted that he had all of their attention on him. He never understood how they all just let him talk, and didnt bother shutting him up. They were each in their own thoughts always coming back to the boy in front of them. Why ruin what innoncene he had left. They didn't mind and let him do what he wanted within reason.

As Harry returned to decorating the tree after lunch he was absently talking to Paddy who took a likeing towards Professor Lupin. As he reached up on his tippy toes to hang an ornmanet on the tree he felt it. His bladder was nudging him, none too gently either. He ignored it for the time being and it got pushed to the back of his head, when he felt a chair get set next to him.

"Whats this for?" He asked.

"We couldnt help but notice, your struggle my boy. The chair will grow to whatever size you need and do not worry about falling off," Albus said easily.

"Thank you," Harry replied greatfully as he grabbed an ornament and stood on the chair. He mused that this would be so much better if the ornament box was up right too. No sooner had he thought it the box lifted itself up. He turned around wide eyed.

"Dad?" He asked, he'd always thought Snape was a mind reader.

"That should help," was all Severus said turning back to his conversation.

Harry grinned as he turned back to decorating. He didnt seem to notice that the tree was rotating either thats how into he was. Which is why 2 hours later found him wishing his bladder would freeze. He was bent at the waist trying to ignore his need. He didnt want to get down and go, he never thought decorating could be this fun and he was reluctant to end his fun. He didnt even bother to think about the 3 men in the room with him.

"Albus how many students stayed over for..." Severus stopped suddenly before pausing as he watched his son in disbelief. The child was stamping his foot and alternating beetween that and standing on one leg. Had thier been no magical barriers Severus would have been worried that he would fall. As it was he wondered if Harry aware of how bad he had to go.

"Severus, arent you going to get him?" Remus asked, speaking for Albus as well. They had all become pretty versed in Harry's bathroom dance. Remus noted in amusement that even Sir-Paddy had as well.

"No, we're at home and i usually let him realize he needs it himself," Severus admitted.

"Does he realize it in time?" Albus asked curiously.

"Usually but theyre extremely close calls, and nothing can detour him or he'll have an accident," Severus explained with a sigh.

"Thats not good in the slightest," Remus said frowning.

"I know but I can't be there all the time," Severus said his own expression practically the same.

15 minutes later found Harry frantic dancing had worsen, and had now included small whimpers that Remus himself could hear. He was frowning and Paddy had gone up to the stool and was whining at Harry who just smiled at him and continued. As he reached into the box he smiled as he saw a ornament with a muggle picture in it. He smiled at it as he realized who it was on.

"Dad is this mum?" He breathed excitedly.

"Yes," Severus replied quietly. He knew the minute he looked up what picture it was. They were at the park swinging. It was before Hogwarts, before the bitter memories started.

"Can I have it?" Harry asked shyly as he hung it on the tree. He unconciously gripped himself between the legs.

"Of course," Severus replied, raising an eyebrow at Harry current stance.

"Thanks!" Harry said happily before moaning loudly as he bent at the waist. An extreme wave of desperation had hit him, and he shut his eyes tight as he leaked, trying to prevent anything else from escaping.

Severus was alarmed, as were Albus and Remus. Not even mentioning the dog who was whining at the child. The men were in the stages of getting out their chair, unconciously all having the same thought. This was too painful to watch.

"Harry go pee!" They all blurted out, to the shock of themselves and one another. Not to mention the child himself.

Harry jumped at the tones, peeing himself a little but knew they had a point. He was extremely embarassed about how bad he let the situation get. This was a few lectures in the making. He frowned as the stool lowered enough for him to get down, but he couldnt do that without leaking even more. So he just stood their, aware of the glances in his direction.

"Why havent you gone cub?" Remus asked the question on all their minds.

"I cant get down," Harry whimpered.

"The barrier doesnt prevent you from physically jumping down," Albus said frowning.

"I know, but I cant jump down," Harry insisted quite embarrassedly from where he was holding himself quite tight on the stool.

"What have I said about waiting until the last possible moment?" Severus said as he walked over to him and set him on his feet.

"Not to," Harry said miserably as he stood stock still afraid to even move.

"Cub, why havent you moved?" Remus asked in confusion.

"Because he cant," Severus answered before Harry could. "He's waited too long, and if he moves on his own accord he knows he'll probably wet himself," He explained.

Harry ducked his head shamefully, knowing the man spoke the absoulte truth. He was embarassed that his Professors were here, if he wet himself in front of them he would never be able to look them in the eye again.

"Dad, could you help me?" Harry asked softly, trying to keep his traitourous tears at bay.

"What if I were to say no? Then what would you do?" Severus said instead.

"I dont know," Harry said sniffling softly.

"You brought this on yourself child, what if we were at school right now? You said you had no wish to be humilated, why have you been ignoring your body then?" Severus lectured.

Harry's lower lip trembled, knowing his father was right. He looked at the ground as his tears fell. He usually got his lectures after he went, so this was different. He squirmed on the spot, as his bladder spasmed.

"Daddy I hafta wee!" Harry cried out tearfully.

"Then do so," Severus said quietly, he was all set to teach Harry a lesson in tough love.

"I can't make it," Harry sobbed. What was Snape doing? He always hurried him to the toilet, why wasnt he doing it now?

"Then you should have thought about that when you chose to ignore your body's needs." Severus said dimissively.

"I'm gonna have an accident," Harry blubbered. He realized just what his father was doing; and though he was angry at the man he knew this was his own fault.

"Help him Severus," Albus gently chided, seeing the werewolf who looked like he was restraining his own self from helping the boy. This was a matter beetween father and son, and he knew Remus was aware of that. Albus knew what Severus was doing but his heart ached for the child.

Severus didnt reply to the man, a bit relieved that the man had spoken. He wouldnt have gone to help Harry no matter how much he wanted to. His heart ached for the child as well but this was a lessonhe had to learn sooner or later, guess it was going to be later. It was intresting to note that Albus and Lupin were having trouble staying just as strong. Nodding once to Albus he carefully picked up his child before hurrying towards the toilet.

"Im sorry," Harry wailed as he held himself tight.

"Enough child," Severus said firmly as he shut the toilet door behind them, setting the child in front of the toilet.

"Please dont be mad," Harry hiccupped tearfully as he hurriedly shoved his trousers down.

"I'm incredibly disapointed in you," Severus said turning to walk out the loo.

"Wait," Harry whined. He was feeling horrible before but now he wanted to crawl into his bed and sob. Those words only cemented in his brain that he had messed up.

"For what? You dont need my help with your trousers, they're already down," Severus said with a raised eybrow.

"I know but I wanna talk to you," Harry said urgently as he danced in front of the toilet stubbornly.

"Harry James, we will talk after you finish I can assure you," Severus said firmly. "Go pee!"

Harry winced at the tone but nodded. He quickly pulled himself out, and had barely a chance to aim at the toilet bowl before he forcibly started peeing. He breathed a sigh of relief before hurriedly looking up, but the man was gone.

Severus came back into the sitting room and calmly took a seat. Reaching for his tea, he hesistated before drinking it,turning his an incrediolous gaze towards Albus.

"Calming draught really Albus?" He mumured in amusement as he looked in his cup. He had smelled it before he tasted it but he trusted the man.

"Yes well, you look like you need one," he said unabashedly.

"What about the wolf? He had to fight himself to stay seated if i recall," Severus sneered.

"Remus has taken the potion," Albus said gesturing to the man, who was sitting calmly next to him.

"Of Course being Gryffindors," Severus said sneering. He knew how much Gryffindors tended to trust so easily.

"No, it was spelled into his stomach, he seemed admant that he didn't need it. But as Harry will be talking to all of us, it was imperative that he take it," Albus informed him.

"I am his father," Severus said angrily.

"So you are, I'm his psuedo godfather and Albus is his psuedo grandfather. Nonetheless, you do not discipline a child in anger, especially one with a background in abuse like Harry." Remus interjected quietly.

Severus glared at the man, but he knew the werewolf had a point. He stayed silent but they all turned as one when they heard Harry come back into the room.

Harry stood, by the door unable to make himself go further inside. He didn't say anything, but he wanted nothing more but to run and hide in his room.

"Harry, will you show me your room again?" Albus asked gently as he stood up.

Harry didn't answer, his sad gaze on his father who wasn't looking at him. "Daddy?" He gulped out miserably.

"Go with Albus," Severus said blankly.

"Noo!" Harry yelled followed by a loud sob.

"Enough of the dramatics Harry, go with Albus," Severus repeated firmly.

"Don't be mad please," Harry pleaded tearfully.

"I need to gather my thoughts before I speak with you," Severus told him tightly.

"M'sorry, so sorry," Harry blubbered as he rushed to the dark haired man. He launched himself at him, burying his face in the man's stomach.

To say Severus was shocked was putting it lightly. His hand automatically came to rest on the dark head that was trying to dig into his stomach. His stomach churned at the sobs, coming from the child. Severus shared as look with both the wolf and Albus before sighing. The child really was making him soft, as he started rubbing his back soothingly.

"Hush Harry, there is no need to get this upset child," Severus said quietly.

"Am sorry daddy, please believe me. I was having to much fun, I wont do it again," Harry pleaded through his tears.

Severus sighed as he stood up, lifting the child up with him and hugging him to his chest. He didnt feel like comforting the child in frony of Albus who would twinkle his eyes for ever and the wolf who would give him a knowing smile.

He excused himself and walked out the room with Harry intent on comforting his inconsolable child. He made his way up the steps and into Harry's room where he took a seat on his bed. He allowed the child to cry himself, all the way rubbing his back soothingly. As Harry's sobs turned into Sniffles, Severus pulled him back a bit to look at him.

"Are you okay now?" He asked quietly, pulling out a handkerchief and wiping the boy's nose

Harry continued his whimpering, unable to relax his hold on the man. He was afraid that saying yes would get him pushed off instantly.

"Harry? Are you alright now?" Severus repeated again.

"No," Harry hiccuped tearfully, all ready to gear up and start crying again from his hurt.

Severu sighed before shaking his head. "They why dont you tell me whats wrong so I can help you,"

Harry sniffled, unsure if that was a trick question or not. He knew his father had gotten tired of him already. Snape wasnt really a patient man to start out with and Harry had clearly bled all the patience he might have once had out.

"Dont send me away!" He blubbered out.

"And why would I do that?" Severus asked, thoroughly shocked. He was trying to think back if he had ever gave Harry the impression that he didnt want him anymore.

"Because you hate how I wont ask for the toilet," Harry wailed. "I'll be better!"

Severus sighed once more and proceeded to comfort his child. He didnt think he would ever get how children can somehow think the way the do. He rocked him all the while mumuring soothing words, knowing in the back of his mind that the wolf was probably hearing it all. But as Harry started to calm down, he found he couldnt bring himself to care.

*574*2012-12-26 00:17

{{: 

Just to save me reading the whole 29 pages of this... is there any actual desperation involving Snape or is the whole thing Harry?

Just to save me reading the whole 29 pages of this... is there any actual desperation involving Snape or is the whole thing Harry?

}}

There is...theres a flashback scene of Severus..somewhere in the story, I cant be bothered to look for it as I dont remember where it is so I wont. If thats all you were looking for, its proably not worth it to read the story, so whatever.

