Summer with Snape - Page 21

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*500*2012-08-21 04:01

Alright I just relized the omo isnt in this chapter..oops..not to worry, next Chapter Lunch with the Malfoys will have it. Its a super, ultra long Chapter at around 13 pages so I know you guys will like it. Thanks for the reviews..they rock :p

Chapter 83

Harry was excited; they were getting ready to go to out for the day. After spending two days with Ron at the snowboarding lodge he was able to find out what his mate was interested in for Christmas. Apparently Ron was entranced with Harry’s game boy, and Harry knew they had games where he could play against Ron if he had one.

He knew already that Hermione wanted books, but he faltered a bit on what Professor Lupin wanted. He knew what to get Snape; he just hadn’t had a chance to get it yet. He idly wondered if Professor Dumbledore would still be at the castle, he needed to get into the Chamber of Secrets again.

He tugged on his wellies and coat and stood by the fireplace excitedly, Paddy at his feet. Harry patted his fur happily but he didn’t think the dog would be able to come with them. Paddy was weird whenever Harry went with Snape alone, he would bark viciously. Whenever he did that Harry was reminded of Ripper and he got scared. He usually ended up in his dad’s arms, and then Paddy would whine. He couldn’t figure out why the dog kept doing that.

“Dad I’m ready,” he yelled loudly, as he waited impatiently.

“I’m aware of that Harry, give me a moment,” Severus said as he made sure he had everything before coming into the floo room.

Harry sighed but he waited quietly, taking a seat on the chair. He jumped up however when Snape came into the room.

“Can we go now?” He asked excitedly.

“Yes Harry we can go, though Paddy stays,” Severus said firmly.

“I know, come on Paddy,” Harry said leading him towards the backyard.

“Hurry up Harry, or I’m leaving without you,” Severus said knowing Harry tended to take long goodbyes as if he wouldn’t see the dog again.

Running back into the house and into the floo room Harry came to a sudden stop. Where was his dad? Did he leave him? Harry looked around anxiously before reaching up with a shaking hand towards the floo powder.

“Dad where are you?” He called out, his voice trembling a bit.

With his bottom lip poking out he stood in the fireplace prepared to say Diagon Alley. He shook his head, why did he have to do this now? He had faltered his first time and ended up in Knockturn Alley, he didn’t want to do that again. Gasping on a sob, he dropped to his knees crying, the powder hitting the floor.

“Alright, I found your mittens,” Severus said as he came down the stairs. As he walked into the floo room he stared at Harry in shock for a minute before rushing to him.

“What happened Harry? Are you hurt?” He asked automatically.

“Where did you go?” Harry whispered out tearfully.

“To your room, the laundry room; I was looking for your mittens. I forgot I could have accioed them when I found them,” he said with a grin.

“I thought you left him, and I tried to floo,” Harry said softly.

“No I was kidding, I would never let you floo alone if you weren’t ready,” Severus replied firmly.

“Do you promise?” Harry asked, ignoring the voice that called him childish.

“I promise,” Severus said before standing up and cleaning his face.

Harry sighed softly, leaning against the man for comfort.

“Do you not want to go out today then?” Severus asked quietly.

“No I wanna go, dad could I visit Gringotts?” Harry asked.

“Why do you need to visit your vault?” Severus asked curiously.

“I want to get buy Ron and Mione and Remus and you presents,” Harry said happily.

“You don’t have to buy me anything Harry,” Severus said firmly.

Harry frowned, well duh. He knew Severus’s present wasn’t going to cost him, but it would be worth a lot of money. He wanted to get some for everyone else.

“I know but I want to,” Harry said softly.

“Alright, we can go, but I’m giving you money for your friend’s gifts,” Severus replied.

“No, you can’t, you might not let me buy Ron’s gift.” Harry protested.

“What are you trying to buy him first off?” Severus said suspiciously.

“A game boy, then we can play together,” Harry said happily.

“I’ll take care of it,” Severus promised before taking a vial out of his pocket. “Here,”

“What is it?” Harry asked curiously as he sniffed it.

“Body altering potion,” Severus said easily.

“What will I look like then?” Harry asked as he gulped it down. “It’s gross,” he grimaced.

“You will look like me,” Severus replied handing him a piece of chocolate.

“Really?” Harry asked shoving the chocolate in his mouth before looking around for a mirror. Unable to find one he headed towards the loo.

“Use the toilet while you’re in there,” Severus called out.

“Ok,” he yelled back as he looked at his reflection in the mirror. He looked dead on Snape, minus the nose, even his eyes were the dark brown of his father. He grinned as his scar turned invisible before his eyes. He hurriedly used the toilet and ran back to the floo room.

“Did you go like I said?” Severus asked to be sure.

“Yup, my scar is gone,” Harry said happily.

“For now,” Severus said before grabbing his hand and disappearing into the fire.

“How long will the potion last then?” Harry asked quietly as they entered the noisy pub.

“Until I give you the antidote,” Severus replied.

As they walked out of the Leaky Cauldron Harry was all set to go in Diagon Alley when Snape pulled him back.

“What are you doing?” Harry asked in confusion.

“You cannot buy Ronald a game boy in the wizarding world,” Severus said slowly.

“Oh, I forgot,” Harry said a blush on his face.

Severus smirked before continuing his trek out the Leaky Cauldron into the muggle world. Glancing around, he resized the car and led Harry to it, looking in surprise when Harry sat in the front.

“I’m old enough to sit here; it said 12 in the flap, I’m 13,” Harry said defensively.

“I didn’t say a word, it’s just usually you’re in the back is all,” Severus said calmly.

“I just felt like being in the front today,” Harry said softly.

Severus nodded understandingly before he took off towards muggle London.

~*~*~*~*~

Harry yawned tiredly as they drove back to the Leaky Cauldron; he had found some books out in the muggle world that he wanted to read. He had also gotten Ron’s gift and he couldn’t wait to get back home and wrap it up. At the moment Snape had shrunk the car and their bags and they headed into Diagon Alley. Harry grinned excitedly as he walked down the cobblestone, looking around. Every time he went beforehand, he could never look around really.

“Can we visit the sweets shop?” He asked timidly.

“If we must,” Severus said easygoing.

Harry grinned as they entered Gringotts. 25 minutes later they were exiting the bank, gold in pockets. He grabbed Snape’s hand and hurried along into the bookstore.

“You may pick out Hermione’s books, but no more then 3,” Severus said.

“Alright,” Harry said simply before walking away from his father.

As he was checking out some books, he turned around and bumped straight into the stomach of one Lucius Malfoy.

“Sorry sir,” he said immediately taking a step back from the blonde haired man.

“Quite alright child,” Lucius said as he looked at the dark haired child in front of him.

“Um excuse me,” Harry said trying to make his way around him.

“Wait, who are you here with?” Lucius asked curiously. The boy looked to be a dead ringer for Severus and he was quite sure he knew the answer himself.

“My da…I mean…Professor Snape,” he stammered out stumbling over his words. Harry was sure that Malfoy wasn’t supposed to know about him.

“And who is he to you?” Lucius pressed, blocking the child’s way once more. He had heard the start of the boy’s mistake, it sounded like Severus was his father. He wasn’t surprised, but why would Severus hide the boy from everyone?

Harry frowned, how was he supposed to answer that?

“I need the loo sir, please can you move?” He asked quietly, knowing that this tactic tended to work every time.

“Of course child,” he replied stepping out the way, revealing Snape a row behind them.

“Professor,” Harry called out, quickly walking to him.

Severus stilled as he saw Lucius, his face still the blank mask. He hurried towards Harry and lifted him up, whispering to him for a moment before nodding.

“Severus, I didn’t know you had a son,” Lucius said questioningly.

“I don’t, this is my nephew,” Severus said lying smoothly.

“Oh? Why haven’t I heard of him?” He pressed; he didn’t honestly believe that the small version of Severus was just his nephew though.

“He’s been living with his mother in America,” Severus said curtly.

“I didn’t know you had a sister,” Lucius said skeptically.

“Half-sister from the Prince’s side and you know how Princes can be,” Severus said as if that explained everything.

“They’re very elusive when they want to be,” Lucius replied with a look of understanding. He decided to the let the question go, knowing already that even though Severus was his friend, the man was full of secrets.

“Right indeed,” Severus responded

“How old is he?” Lucius asked after a moment of silence went by.

“He’s 10, if that is all Emery needs the toilet.” Severus interjected. “Quite urgently,” he added with a frown.

“Of course, I apologize for keeping you,” Lucius murmured easily.

“That’s alright, we’ll be going now,” Severus said turning to go.

“Don’t forget that afternoon luncheon tomorrow at the Manor,” Lucius said swiftly.

“We’ll be there,” Severus replied heading to the counter.

Harry laid his head down on Snape’s shoulder, not liking what just occurred. As Snape paid for the books and headed back to the pub, Harry closed his eyes.

“Did you really need the toilet Harry?” Severus asked as they entered the pub.

“No sir,” He replied softly.

“Alright, home we go,” he murmured.

“But we didn’t get to visit the sweet’s shop, and you said we could.” Harry mumbled out sadly.

Severus sighed before heading over to Honeydukes, allowing the child to pick an entire bag of what he wanted. Of course Harry wasn’t going to be allowed to eat it all in one time, but nonetheless it was his treat for the day. He paid for the candy and grabbed Harry’s hand walking back to the Leaky Cauldron. Picking him up once more they flooed back to the Manor.

He set Harry down and ushered him into his room to go wrap his gifts before heading to his potion’s lab. He had a lot to prepare for their lunch tomorrow at the Malfoys.

*502*2012-08-23 08:49

Thanks for all the support last chapter..it really made me feel loved >.< I'm kidding, but the omo is back, so hope you enjoy this since it was clear you didnt last time. This is the chapter where we get see the fatherly side of Lucius..although Draco is back to his spoiled self, so it makes for an awesome chapter, not to mention its super long.

Chapter 84

Severus sighed softly as he got Harry ready for their luncheon at the Malfoys. He was at odds at the whole thing; because he wanted to go but at the same time he didn’t want to go. He knew that Lucius had been curious about the dark haired child he was with and here they were. He didn’t want to get on Lucius’s bad side, they were after all friends. In a way Severus did want to go, but he didn’t want to risk Harry so he was taking precautions.

"Remember Harry, today you're a pureblood and your name is Emery Prince and it’s very crucial that you tell them your age is 10. That way they will not ask about your schooling. I know that you don’t like Draco but please remember you’re not supposed to know him." Severus said stressing the last part.

"I know this dad, I’ll remember," Harry promised. "Err...I mean Uncle Severus," he corrected himself with a grimace.

"I know I don’t like it either, are you ready to go?" Severus asked patiently.

"Yes sir," Harry said absently playing with the amulet around his neck.

It gave him a sense of calm. It was filled with a ton of protective and glamour charms. It changed his voice and made him look more like his dad, in addition to the potion. Harry actually found himself really liking the look, though he wished his green eyes were present on his face instead of the darkest brown ones he had ever seen.

Harry took a breath as he father picked him up and walked over to the floo.

“Did you use the loo Harry?” Severus asked as a precautionary.

“I don’t have to go,” Harry mumbled out.

“Are you sure?” Severus said skeptically.

“I’m sure,” Harry promised. He held tight to the man as they disappeared in the green flames.

He was only aware that they had made it, when he heard a feminine voice that caused him to look up.

“Emery, this is Narcissa Malfoy, and standing next to her is Draco her son. You met Lucius yesterday,” Severus said as he set the boy on his feet.

“Pleased to meet you m’am,” Harry stated politely as he held out his hand and shook hers.

“It’s nice to meet you too sweetie, why don’t you go play with Draco?” Narcissa said with a smile. She could see what Lucius was talking about; it was like looking into a younger version of Severus without the hooked nose.

Draco wrinkled his nose at the word play but nodded to his mother before gesturing for the boy to follow him.

Harry gave Snape a last look, not wanting to follow the blonde boy. He sighed, knowing he couldn’t refuse before quickly hurrying to catch up with the Slytherin. He wasn’t sure where they went, there were too many turns and hallways to keep track of. Soon enough they came to a door, and Harry walked in after Draco, his eyes nearly popping out at how much stuff the boy had in there. The room was the size of their sitting room plus the kitchen, and it had its only personal toilet. He shook his head turning to his gaze to Draco.

“So how old are you again?” Draco asked finally as he took a seat on his bed.

“10,” Harry answered, as he stood up awkwardly.

“Sit down Emery, I don’t bite,” Draco said with a smirk.

Unsure of where to sit Harry plopped on the floor, tucking his legs underneath him. He looked up when he felt eyes on him and he stared back in confusion at Malfoy’s.

“What are you doing?” Draco asked in shock as he looked to the door. If his father came in to check and saw the boy on the floor, he would think Draco told him to sit there. He knew his father was mad at him, he just wasn’t sure what he did; and Draco didn’t want to get in anymore trouble.

“Sitting,” Harry replied simply,

“Why are you sitting down there?” Draco asked with a frown.

“Because I wasn’t sure where I was allowed to sit,” Harry said with a sigh.

“Get off the floor Emery, “Draco ordered finally.

Harry stood up quickly, hating the boy’s tone. He was starting to remind Harry of Dudley and he knew already that he was a guest. So whatever Draco said, he had to do or at least that’s what he thought.

“Sit on the chair,” Draco said with a sigh. “Do you like Quidditch?”

“Yeah, I love it, I’m a good seeker, Dad says so,” Harry said proudly.

“I thought Snape was your Uncle?” Draco said with a raised eyebrow.

“He is,” Harry said quickly; face flushing in embarrassment at his mistake.

“Then who did you call dad?” Draco asked.

“My father,” Harry said with a smirk; that resembled Snape so it had Draco shuddering.

“And your father is who?” Draco pressed.

“My Dad,” Harry replied cheekily.

He knew what he was doing, he was embracing the Slytherin in him and he loved outsmarting the blonde. Served him right anyways, he didn’t like Draco; which reminded him that he had yet to read the stupid letter from the boy. Snape had said he had to read it to see what Draco had to say, so he couldn’t throw it away yet.

Draco hit his hand against his forehead as he stared at the smaller boy in annoyance. He was a Malfoy and was used to getting what he wanted and yet this smaller kid was toying with him, he would show him not to mess with him.

“Let’s go play some Quidditch,” Draco finally said before standing up.

“I didn’t bring my Nimbus,” Harry said with a frown.

“I have a broom, come along Emery,” Draco said before walking out the room.

Harry sighed before standing up and making his way after the boy. Walking outside took awhile, but it was worth it as he saw the Quidditch pitch, it was as big as the one back at school. He waited while Draco got the brooms and they both took to the air.

Back inside Severus was talking with Lucius about a special potion he was making that would help with the call. He was advising the man on whether or not he should spy. He didn’t bother trying to hide his own double agent status, the man knew already. After all it had been Lucius who had found him the day after the Potter’s murders mourning over Lily. He had spilled everything to the man then, and he had kept his secret. He would help them anyway that he could.

“Severus, I need an honest answer from you about something,” Narcissa said as she walked into the room.

“Yes Cissa, ask away,” Severus said easily.

“Who is Emery really?” She asked bluntly.

“My nephew as I said,” Severus said slowly.

Severus could only watch as she smirked at him before shaking her head in disbelief. He held his tongue, holding true to his lie; as much as he trusted them he needed an oath before he would let any of them around Harry.

~*~*~*~*

Harry and Draco flew around for a few hours, breaking a few times for the drinks that the house elves left out for them. As they finally came down, after being told to wash up for lunch Harry started to become aware of something. He needed to use the toilet. He had been a bit excited and scared this morning when they came, and though he didn’t need to use it at the time, he did now. He laid his broom on the ground as Draco instructed before following the boy back to the house.

Harry walked behind him silently. They had played a game of seekers, and Draco had lost every single game except for one when he cheated and pushed Harry. He sighed and grimaced rubbing the bruise on his arm from the other boy. He wasn’t worried, knowing that he could use the toilet in the boy’s room right? As they entered Draco’s room, he didn’t want to be rude so he waited for a few minutes before turning to the boy.

“Draco, can I use your loo?” Harry asked politely.

“No you cannot,” Draco said with a frown.

“Why not?” Harry asked quietly. He didn’t understand; he wasn’t Harry Potter at the moment, why couldn’t he go pee?

“Because I said so, and its’ my loo,” Draco said with a smirk.

“That’s mean, and you’re not allowed to be mean to me. I’m the guest,” Harry said as he shifted on his chair. The bathroom was in sight but he was forbidden to use it, and that made his need worsen.

“Who cares, I didn’t ask for you to come here.” Draco said, still feeling angry at having lost to the 10 year old. He was pissed that the smaller boy had beat him, not to mention he was the nephew/dad of the man who refused to let him use the toilet, resulting in him having an accident in class. He wanted to get back with Snape, and this was the perfect way to do that.

Harry frowned for a few more moments, before standing up. He couldn’t sit here; he knew the outcome would be he would pee himself. He didn’t want the blonde to witness that, especially since this would be his doing.

“Fine, can I use the toilet in the hall?” Harry asked after a moment.

“Sure,” Draco said with a wicked grin on his face.

“Where is it?” Harry asked, inwardly sighing in relief. He mused that Draco probably was just afraid of germs or something since he was giving him directions to the hallway toilet. He missed the expression on the young Slytherin’s face.

“So you said in the next hallway over, go down to the end and turn left?” Harry asked to clarify it. He willed his body to be still, his legs trying to give in to the fidgeting.

“Yup, that’s what I said,” Draco said with a smirk. Knowing the only room Emery would end up in was a towel cupboard, the toilet not even close to it.

“Kay, I’ll be right back then,” Harry said before walking out the room.

Draco stuck his head out the room with and smiled evil smile as he watched Emery walk down the hall. He watched him walk right pass a perfectly good toilet, but the kid had no idea.

Harry sighed in relief as he turned the corner, because he was no longer in view of Draco. He finally grabbed himself, sighing in relief for a moment. He now felt like he could hold it for at least 10 minutes more than feeling like he’d lose it right there. He had been really hiding his desperation from Draco, not sure if the boy would try to prevent him from going again.

Trying to remember the directions in this huge manor brought trouble to Harry. He knew it was impolite to open closed doors at someone elses house so he was at a loss. He didn’t know where the toilet was and his need was urgent.

"Draco?" He called out, hoping the blonde boy could hear him. "Draco I don’t know where it is," Harry groaned out. He turned around in a circle, hoping to see the blonde boy. Which way did he come from anyway? He gasped as he realized he was lost in a Manor not his own and he had to go pee.

He continued walking around aimlessly until his bladder contracted something viciously and he found himself bent over trying to keep the flood back. His eyes filled with tears he didn’t want to wet himself here of all places.

"Draco please I really have to go,” Harry whimpered out as a tear made his way down his cheek.

Meanwhile though Lucius had a house elf inform the boys that lunch was ready he still headed to Draco's room to see what they had gotten up too. He could see that Narcissa wanted to talk to Severus alone and he allowed it. He entered his son’s room and looked around in shock, at seeing only his son. Where was the other child?

"Where’s Emery?" He asked curiously.

"I think he’s in the loo," Draco replied dismissively.

"You don’t know?" Lucius said in a quiet tone.

"Well no. He said he needed the loo," he said with a shrug.

"And where did you instruct him to go?" Lucius said getting a bad feeling in his stomach, since he could see the door to Draco's loo open and empty.

"Out in the hall, maybe he got lost," Draco said a gleeful expression on his face.

Lucius gave his son a deadly look and he watched as the happiness turned to one of a fear before his expression turned to a contrite one. He sighed softly; didn’t Draco understand who that little boy was?

“What have you done?” He asked his tone serious.

“Just played a little joke on him,” Draco said softly, good mood gone.

"That is Severus's nephew or son I haven’t deduced which one. For both our sakes I hope everything is alright," Lucius said before heading down the hall looking for the child.

Lucius found Emery standing in a particular position that he himself had been familiar with growing up with Draco. He frowned; Draco was going to be punished for this. Had the boy learned nothing? What was so funny about denying someone their right for the toilet? He didn’t get, and he didn’t want to get it. What he couldn’t understand was why Draco chose Emery. What had the boy done to him?

Harry heard footsteps near him and sighed in relief thinking it was Draco.

"Merlin, Draco, I thought you were ignoring me. I’m sorry I beat you in Quidditch, and that I threatened to tell Snape about you hurting me, but this isn’t funny anymore. I need the toilet," he said quickly before turning around to see to his horror that it wasn’t Draco at all.

Lucius was staring at the child with narrowed eyes, his anger for his son growing. All of this was done because the child beat him at a game? And what did he mean about the hurting him part? Lucius hoped Draco hadn’t done something else stupid.

"I’m so sorry sir," Harry said automatically, as he tried to straighten up.

"Nonsense child, follow me," Lucius said gently before leading him towards the nearest loo.

Harry tried to walk faster but just like that time at the Weasleys he could feel himself leaking with every step he took. He bit his jaw hard to stop the tears, not wanting to cry in front of the man.

"Here it is," Lucius said opening the door to one of the most glamorous toilets he had ever seen.

Harry didn’t really care his eyes only for the porcelain throne near the wall.

"Thank you sir," he said voice twinge with desperation and gratefulness.

"You’re welcome child," Lucius said before shutting to door behind Emery.

Harry breathed a sigh of relief when he was alone, as he hobbled towards the toilet. He knew in the back of his mind that this was a lost cause but he wanted to try anyways. As he stood in front of the toilet he didn’t have time to do anything as his bladder suddenly released itself. He gasped in shock, horror and fear and finally relief as he thoroughly wet himself; the puddle expanding underneath him.

He closed his eyes wishing with all his magic that this wasn’t happening but when he opened it, he found it the same. Sniffling as he finished wetting himself he looked up and remembering where he was, he burst into tears.

Lucius had gone back into Draco's room to find his son still looking horrified.

"Why did you do that Dragon?" He asked sternly.

"I don’t know why Father, did he make it?" Draco asked in a small voice.

He had done it for revenge for Snape making him wet in front of the whole class. He frowned, and though he knew that Emery hadn’t done anything to him, his Uncle had. Hit them where it hurts ya know? Granted he knew that it was his own fault for not going before class.

"I'm not sure," Lucius said quietly. "Go to the dining room, we'll meet you there,"

"Yes Father," Draco said softly before making his way there.

He was starting to feel guilty; Snape had even given him a potion for his bladder that helped. He gulped as he entered the dining room he could see his mother and Snape engaged in a conversation, he couldn’t tell what it was however as they had stopped talking once he entered.

"Draco, where’s Emery?" Narcissa asked, even as Severus opened his mouth to ask the same thing.

"He's with father," Draco said his head bent down in shame.

He kind of liked the boy, he was intelligent. Even though the kid was 10 for Merlin's sake he actually used his brain, unlike Draco's other friends. He really hoped the kid made it, otherwise there would be hell to pay if the look on Snape's face was anything to go by.

"Why is he with Lucius? What did he do?" Severus asked, his eyes narrowing.

"Well he had to use the loo," he confessed in a small voice.

"What did you did Mr. Malfoy?" Severus asked in a dark tone, his stomach dropping as he glared at the blonde boy.

“I didn’t…I didn’t let him use mine and gave him directions to the one out in the hall,” Draco whispered out softly.

“And, there’s more to this story, do enlighten us Mr. Malfoy,” Severus said his dark eyes glittering.

“I don’t know, I…” Draco looked down in shame

“Draconis Narciso Lucian Malfoy, what did you do?” Narcissa repeated the question, her tone just as severe.

Draco swallowed audibly as he looked from his teacher to his mother. This was going to be bad no matter what he said.

Back in the loo Harry was in his defensive position, only this time taking refuge in the tub as he cried in his knees.

"Emery, are you alright in there?" Lucius asked, even as he could hear the crying.

"No sir, can you get my dad…I mean my U-u-uncle S…Severus?" Harry whimpered out, crying harder as he realized his mistake.

"I would but I don’t want to leave you," Lucius said gently, sighing as he heard the admission. "May I come in?"

Harry shook violently, but it was either accept the senior Malfoy's help or be stuck like this until Snape came to look for him; if at all.

"Yes sir, I’m really sorry sir," Harry cried out as he heard the door open.

Lucius walked in to find the floor wet, and the child nowhere in sight. He sighed before cleaning up the mess. He was angry at his son, he had been right this was Severus’s child, and Draco had hurt him. He needed Severus’s help, and something like this could mess it up for them all.

"Where are you little one?" He asked kindly.

"In the tub," he whispered.

Lucius nodded before walking up to the tub. He looked down at the young boy before throwing a cleaning charm at him, along with a refreshing charm.

"I wanna go home," Harry whimpered out. He felt dirty still.

"I know you do, Draco should not have done that. I believe Severus and he are at odds at the moment, and he took it out on you," Lucius said apologetically.

“That’s mean; I didn’t even do anything to him. I don’t like Draco anymore,” Harry cried out into his knees. He didn’t care at that moment, that he was in the presence of Lucius, what was the point anyway.

Lucius winced before shaking his head; he knew the child had every right to mad and then some. He was even mad on the boy’s behalf, what the hell was the matter with Draco? He looked at the now clean boy in the tub his hand going to rub his back. The child tensed at first before leaning into the touch.

"What’s the matter?" Lucius asked softly.

"Wanna take a bath, I feel dirty," Harry replied quietly; as his sobs shook his small frame.

"Then a bath you shall have," Lucius murmured before lifting the small child out the tub and turning it on. Adding bubbles to the water, knowing Draco had liked those when he was his age, got a small smile out the child.

Harry wasn’t worried at the moment. The amulet would heat up if he was in any danger, and since he wasn’t supposed to know the man and the senior Malfoy had yet to do anything to him he went with it. After his bath and he had gotten redressed, he knew they were late for lunch now.

"Come little one, I’m sure they’re worried about us," Lucius said picking the small boy up and making his way towards the dining room.

Draco was sitting in his chair quietly, but he could literally feel the tension roll off his mum and teacher. He had no idea what they were talking about and he didn’t care. Though he had a hunch it was about his appalling behavior as his Professor had said. He looked up when his father walked in, with Emery in his arms.

Severus stood up, a million things running through his head. The first and foremost, was Harry ok? The second was did Lucius find out anything, and the third was Lucius better punish Draco or Severus would do it for him.

"Lucius how is he?" He asked carefully.

"Your child is fine Severus though he did however have an accident, but we took care of it," Lucius replied quietly.

“The poor dear,” Narcissa said softly.

"Little one, do you wanna get down?" Lucius asked quietly as he rubbed the child’s back.

"I'm sleepy," Harry mumbled out tiredly.

"Don’t you want to have lunch?" Severus asked softly.

"No, I wanna go home," Harry replied with a sigh as he was transferred to Severus.

Severus nodded to Lucius over Harry's head.

"I'll floo you tonight," Lucius said though his eyes moved over to Draco.

They would be having words, not to mention he was going to apologize for this. Severus Snape was not a man to cross; Lucius had found that out himself. The man was so protective over things that were his and Draco had hurt his child. This did not bode well for Lucius or Draco for that matter.

"Of course," Severus said. "Narcissa, Draco," he said formally before turning to walk to the floo room.

Harry hugged his father tight as they landed in their manor.

"Draco's mean no matter what you do," Harry said softly as he was carried to his room.

"Draco is angry with me and he took it out on you. Don’t worry; I’m sure Lucius will straighten him out. After your nap I want to talk about what happen." He said as he got him dressed for bed.

"Mr. Malfoy was nice to me, though I messed up today," Harry said as he drifted off to sleep.

"Lucius is many things. Emery is pureblooded and not someone he considers his enemy. He is known to cherish children, which is why Draco is so spoiled." Severus murmured as he turned off the light, before walking out of the room. He frowned as he pondered Harry’s words, what did he mean by he messed up?

*506*2012-08-24 10:21

{{:

I loved this chapter!! (and the one before, but you know how much I suck at reviewing...) I love seeing the good, nice side of Lucius Malfoy. :) Though this makes me a bit pissed at Draco all over again...at least he feels a bit guilty. Anyway, I can't wait to see what happens next :D

}}

*nods understandly* So do I..I kinda like Lucius as a character...but Draco will get....Karma is what I'm going to use and leave it at that. :p...Thanks for reviewing Hp..and soooo happy you still like it..You have no idea..how much I'm struggle to figure out where to end this..thing :)

{{:

Amazing chapters!!! I love how you portrayed Lucius as a good guy, and how Draco is still evil no matter what. Enjoyed the chapters a lot so please please continue! I can't wait to read the conversation between Severus and Lucius!

}}

Draco is just...totally misunderstood lol, he'll get better I suppose, but not before he gets what he deserves. Awesome, I'm so glad your enjoying the story as much as you are..Reviews make me write more and in turn update faster B)

{{:

The last two chapters were fantastic, as per usual ^_^

}}

Thank you very much :)

{{:

This chapter was packed with a bunch of stuff...and even thoiugh its not the omoarashi, like its been said before you're setting us up for an omo scene. This was really brill Sev, and I liked it, keep up the good work girl :)

}}

Thanks for the great review last chapter..I felt kinda better when you did..I'm a bit self concious..but no reviews on a new chapter..is like a slap in the face. I dont know it feels like it was sooo bad, that it wasnt even worth the time for someone to type good job you know..or I liked it..even a smiley face would worked. Anyways, thanks for still sticking here since the begining..and I'm glad you're still likeing the story. Trust me when I say that it means alot to me :)

*507*2012-08-25 03:13

One upon a time, I used to update this story everyday, and then life caught up with me and I stopped. I have free time at the moment..since my school doesnt start yet and I dont work that much, so I pretty much have no life at the moment lol. Hope you like...and if you dont..keep it to yourself, I would rather not know it.

Chapter 85

Harry woke up a few hours later from his nap to soaked sheets, and he looked down in horror. He could tell immediately that he didn’t have his special underwear and nearly freaked before he realized it was ok since he was at home. He sighed once before pushing Paddy off the bed, the dog looking at him in confusion.

“I wet my bed, I do that a lot,” Harry told the dog softly as he stripped off his bed.

He was in the process of climbing on the mattress to check that it didn’t stain when his door opened.

“Harry what are you doing?” Severus asked in confusion.

“I didn’t have my goodnight on when I went to sleep,” Harry said frowning, he usually didn’t forget something like that. Why had he forgotten to do it today then?

“That was my fault child,” Severus said with a sigh before cleaning and straightening the bed. He cleaned up Harry before picking him up and setting him back on the bed.

Harry leaned against Snape tiredly, refusing to think on what had actually happened earlier that day.

“We need to talk about what happened today Harry,” Severus said gently.

“I don’t want too,” Harry said with a frown.

“I know you don’t child, but the sooner we get to the bottom of this the sooner we can forget it.” Severus promised.

Harry sighed softly before nodding. He ran his fingers through Paddy’s fur as he explained everything that happened. He even showed the man the bruise on his arm that Draco had given him during their Quidditch match. He moved on to tell his father about how Lucius treated him kindly and how he had accidently slipped and he was pretty sure that Mr. Malfoy knew Snape was Harry’s dad. When he was through he leaned back against his father’s chest, knowing the man was thinking as he had yet to say anything.

“What’s going to happen now?” Harry asked finally, when the silence became too much.

“Lucius will floo me tonight, and then I will be able to tell you.” Severus promised before picking up Harry and heading downstairs for an early dinner.

~*~*~*~*~

Back at the Malfoy’s Draco was now grounded to his room, while Lucius sat down in his study for a stiff drink. He had to walk away from his son, lest he do something to him out of anger. He could see Cissy pacing out the corner of his eyes and he sighed gesturing to her to come over. Before she could say a word he had spoken.

“Emery is Severus’s son, not his nephew like he told us,” Lucius said with a sigh.

“Are you sure?” She asked, though she knew in her heart when she had seen him first off.

“I am, the child asked me if I could get his dad after his accident today. Draco hurt something of Severus’s, and I will have to fix it,” He said with a shake of his head.

“How will you do that?” Narcissa asked quietly.

“I do not know, however I need to floo him in a bit,” Lucius said with a weary sigh.

“It will be alright dear,” Narcissa said quietly.

“Will it? What do I have to do to get Draco to understand what he did was wrong? How would he like it if someone did that to him? I should just send him over to Severus for punishment,” He said with a huff.

“That’s actually not a bad idea; Severus is known to be a harsh disciplinarian. But he would never hurt a child, otherwise we both know Harry Potter would be number one on his list,” Narcissa said with a frown.

“When I floo him tonight, I’ll ask him about it,” Lucius promised.

~*~*~*~*~

Later on that night after making sure that Harry was in bed and made sure that both of his comfort items were on the bed with him Severus went downstairs to his study. He set a selective privacy charm where he would be allowed to hear Harry; but if Harry woke up the child wouldn’t hear him. Setting his chair up he waited for Lucius, he didn’t have to wait long though. Severus sat up as the floo flared green and he unlocked it, and soon enough he could see Lucius.

“Come on over Lucius, I do not wish to bend down and talk to you today,” Severus said quietly.

He waited for the man patiently as he flooed over, and then took a seat across from his desk.

“Severus before you say anything, I want to apologize to you about Draco’s horrid behavior this afternoon.” Lucius started off regretfully.

Severus clenched his fists for a moment before calming himself as he stared back at his friend with a blank mask.

“Apology accepted on one condition,” Severus said firmly.

“What’s the condition?” Lucius asked quietly.

“A formal apology to Emery and I assume that he is being punished?” Severus asked, if Lucius thought that Draco was getting away with this he had another thing coming. If the man failed to punish his son, Draco would soon have a month’s work of detention when they returned to school.

“He is grounded to his room for the moment,” Lucius started off carefully.

“That’s it? That’s all the punishment he’s getting?” Severus asked in disbelief.

“Funny you should mention punishment. Narcissa and I are hoping that you would watch Draco for the next two days. It seems we are needed in France,” Lucius said with a glint in his eye.

“Emery will still be here, I do not trust your child with mine,” Severus said with a frown. There was no point to hide it since Harry had informed him that Lucius knew about it already.

Lucius grimaced, he had been expecting that. He knew Severus held a grudge, he only hoped that wouldn’t be one of those times.

“I know Severus, but this way you will be able to oversee Draco’s punishment while he’s here,” Lucius said slyly.

“I’m a Slytherin as well Lucius; do not try to outsmart me. I will allow him to stay however, but only because Narcissa will guilt me one way or another,” Severus said agreeing after a moment.

Lucius nodded, he knew exactly how his wife could be. He sighed, before continuing his talk with his friend. Soon talk shifted from Draco and Emery to back to when the Dark Lord comes back.

About an hour later, Severus stood up as Lucius rose to go back home.

“We’ll floo in tomorrow morning around 9:00am,” Lucius said before grabbing the floo powder.

“We’ll be here; it would be wise to inform Draco that I will not tolerate any harm to come to Emery while he stays here.” Severus said calmly, though his eyes said another story. They promise retribution if Draco hurt Emery; he needed Lucius to understand that.

“I know Severus, I understand,” Lucius said before flooing home.

Severus sighed softly before locking his floo back and heading back upstairs to check on Harry. Seeing him sleeping Severus silently walked out and to his room.

~*~*~*~

The next morning found Severus grading papers when he heard the floo ring. He sighed as he heard Harry quickly run up the stairs and into his room. He moved over to answer it and allow the two people to come through.

“Good morning Severus, I trust you slept well,” Lucius said conversationally as flooed in before Draco.

“Well enough,” Severus murmured turning to his dark gaze on the young boy who appeared in his sitting room.

Lucius could feel the tension in the room and held back a grimace. He didn’t envy his son for the next few days in the slightest.

“Where is Emery, Severus?” Lucius asked curiously.

“In his room, he’s not happy about this arrangement at all. Then again, neither am I,” Severus said quietly.

He could see the young Slytherin flinch slightly out the corner of his eye. He felt nothing at the moment; see how the child liked it to be where no one wanted him. Although truth be told, he had failed to mention this to Harry yet, and he hoped the boy would take it well.

“I know and I’m so sorry about that, and once again I thank you for agreeing to watch Draco on such short notice,” Lucius said with a heavy sigh. “Do you think I could say hello to Emery?”

“Of course, just let me go and get him. Take a seat,” Severus said before turning and heading up the stairs.

Harry had been at the kitchen table, deep in thought trying to push what Draco had done to him away from his mind. He had nearly done it when he heard the floo and he quickly hurried upstairs, not wanting to get stuck in a closet again. Not that he thought Snape would do that again, but why tempt fate?

He stayed in his room, knowing it could be anyone. Unbeknownst to him Severus had made sure to lock the floo, so while they could hear who it was, no one could floo through or fire call, unless you were keyed in. He was on the floor playing with Paddy when his father rushed in with a potion vial.

"Dad, what’s going on? Who was down there?” Harry asked immediately standing up and taking in his father's expression.

"Lucius is here with Draco." Severus said quietly.

"I don’t wanna play with Draco, he’s mean," Harry said shaking his head, his grip tightening on Paddy.

"I know he is, but we don’t have a choice in this. Lucius asked me to watch him for two days, and I said I would," Severus explained.

"Of course you did. I guess this means you’re gonna pretend to hate me again?" Harry asked, his face gaining a sad expression.

"Merlin no child, I do need you to take this though," he said holding out the vial.

Harry sighed and gulped it down with a grimace; he could feel his body changing, so he knew what potion it was.

"Emery, are you ready?" Severus asked gently.

"I guess so," Harry said with a sigh as he headed towards the door, Paddy following behind him.

Severus didn’t bother telling him to keep the dog in the room, who cared if Draco had an aversion to them, this was Harry’s house. As much as he didn’t like the mutt, he wasn’t about to play favorites to his Slytherin at home, especially when he was forced to at work.

“Emery say hello,” Severus instructed when all Harry did was stare silently when he entered the room.

“Hi Mr. Malfoy,” Harry said smiling a bit shyly as he remembered how the man helped him yesterday.

“Hello again little one, how are you today?” Lucius asked with a smile of his own.

“I’m fine sir, this is my dog Paddy,” Harry said proudly as he ran his hands through the animal’s fur. He couldn’t for the life of him understand why Paddy felt so tensed all of a sudden.

“And what a lovely dog he is child,” Lucius said before turning to Draco and giving him a look.

“Hi Emery,” Draco said softly.

Harry frowned before shaking his head; he glanced at his father who was nodding. Harry shook his head again; he wasn’t speaking to that oaf. Why should he be nice when the other boy wasn’t?

“Draco has something to tell you Emery,” Lucius said finally, when they all realize that he wasn’t going to speak to Draco.

“I don’t wanna hear it,” Harry said with narrowed eyes.

“Emery,” Severus said in a warning tone.

“But Dad he was really mean to me yesterday. You weren’t there,” Harry blurted out, he could feel his hurt coming back and he turned his gaze to the floor.

“I know he was mean to you child, I am aware of what he did to you. I know you don’t want to forgive him but to let this fester would be detrimental to your health. I will not risk you becoming like me,” Severus said firmly.

Harry nodded before turning his gaze back to the blondes.

“I want to apologize for my behavior yesterday, it was wrong and I should not have done that to you. I’m very sorry for what happened as well,” Draco said sincerely, regret in his tone as he watched the younger boy.

“Just because I’m younger than you doesn’t mean I’m stupid. Your father made you apologize, and I do not accept it. You’re ruining our holiday and I hate you for it,” Harry said before running out of the room, Paddy following him closely.

Lucius shook his head with a sigh. “I can’t blame him Severus, so please don’t punish him for speaking the truth.”

“I wasn’t going to, maybe inform him that there is a time and place for everything. But at the moment, I’m going to give him some time to cool down,” Severus said before gesturing to Draco to grab his bag.

“I will see you in a few days Dragon, behave yourself, Severus has every right to punish you as he sees fit.” Lucius said before hugging his son tightly.

“Goodbye Father,” Draco whimpered out. He didn’t want him to be here, with people who seemed like they would rather him dead. He couldn’t believe what Emery had said, or the fact that his father had agreed with him.

Lucius nodded, before flooing back to the Manor, leaving Draco along with Severus.

“Come on along Draco, let me show you where you will be staying,” he said turning to walk out the sitting room and up the stairs.

Draco followed quietly, his frown deepening. He could see it now, staying in a room not fit for a house elf. Imagine his surprise when his teacher opened the door to reveal a normal bedroom, with blue walls.

“This is your room while you’re here with us. I expect you to keep it clean.” Severus said as he pointed out different things.

“Yes sir,” Draco answered respectfully.

“Emery’s room is across from your and two doors down. And may Merlin help you if you try to harm him,” Severus murmured darkly.

“I won’t sir, I promise. And for the record sir I didn’t know he was your son,” Draco said softly as if that excused his actions.

“I introduced him as my nephew, which meant he was mine. The fact that you hurt something of mine makes me angry. I do not easily forgive,” Severus said before shaking his head.

“Sir, what am I supposed to do for my punishment?” Draco asked quietly.

“I will tell you after lunch, at the moment find Emery and try again.” Severus said before heading towards his own bedroom. He could see by the way the door was closed that Harry wasnt in his room, since the boy prefered to leave his door open.

Draco sighed before grabbing his bag and starting to unpack his clothes, not wanting to get in trouble for not doing this.

Harry was in Snape’s room, huddled in the middle of the bed crying into Paddy’s fur. Draco couldn’t find him here, because Harry knew the boy didn’t know the way to Snape’s room. He felt horrible, why did Malfoy have to invade his house too? He just wanted this to be the best Christmas holidays and they were turning out to be a bad one. He sniffled piteously, vaguely hearing the door open.

“Harry it’s alright,” Severus said spelling the door and a ward around the room before hurrying over to Harry.

He ignored the look he was getting from the dog in favor of picking his child up and rocking him.

“Don’t fret child, I promise it’s only for two days. And on the bright side, I get to spoil you senseless, so please don’t worry about me having to pretend like at school,” Severus murmured as he wiped away Harry’s tears.

“I don’t want him here, he’s ruining everything,” Harry cried out.

“I know child, but maybe you and Draco will be able to come to an understanding,” Severus said carefully.

“I not the one who made him pee himself. I helped him in class one time when he almost peed. Why does he have to be so mean? I didn’t even do anything to him,” Harry whimpered.

“Anger makes one do a lot of things, they wouldn’t normally do. Trust me on this child, everything will be alright in the end,” Severus said soothingly.

“Ok,” Harry said softly, trying to stop the flow of tears. Eventually he got them to stop and he laid up again his father with a content sigh.

“Did you want to take Paddy outside and fly?” Severus asked gently, knowing that always cheered Harry up.

“Yes sir, I want too,” Harry agreed immediately.

“Draco may follow you, but try to give him a chance Harry. After all, 3rd time’s the charm right?” Severus murmured.

“That’s what the muggles say, but since I’m not a muggle I don’t believe that.” Harry said with a weary sigh as he signaled to Paddy to get off the bed.

“Just try Harry,” Severus repeated before standing up.

Harry nodded before running out the room. “Race you downstairs Paddy!” He yelled, quickly taking off down the hall.

Harry grinned as the dog easily slipped passed him, and ignored the blonde head he saw poking out of a door. He laughed before running down the stairs and towards the back door and outside. Harry flopped on the ground tiredly before shrieking.

“Gross Paddy, ewww dog slobber,” he said trying to push the dog off of him.

He sat up with a grin before rushing over to their shed and pulling his Nimbus out. He was just about to mount it when he realized Paddy was growling at something and he turned around.

“Malfoy,” Harry said with sneer that he had seen his father do once before.

“Do you mind if I watch?” Draco asked quietly.

“I mind that very much,” Harry said tightly. “Leave me alone,”

“You’re father told me that I could come out here,” Draco said carefully.

“Of course he did,” Harry said before sighing as he rose off the ground. “Be nice Paddy.” He said before he took off soaring through the air.

Draco watched jealously, he hadn’t brought his broom because he hadn’t been allowed. He wasn’t about to ask Emery if he had another one, because the boy was really angry with him. Draco sighed, knowing it was his own fault why. He looked at the grim like dog as he carefully took a seat on the ground. He was convinced that the animal was going to bite him if he was given even half a chance.

Draco leaned back on the grass and ended up dozing off as Emery floo around. When he woke up about an hour or so later, the dog Paddy was it? Was lying on the grass looking at him and he suppressed a shiver. He frowned before standing up slowly and making his way back to the house and to his room. He stayed there all alone until lunch, when he headed down to the kitchen.

“Did you have a nice fly Emery?” Severus asked as they took a seat and started eating.

“Yeah I did, I had a lot of fun too,” Harry said grinning.

“Did Draco fly with you?” Severus asked casually.

“No, he watched for a little bit though,” Harry replied as he ate.

Draco kept silent the entire time. As he ate he was aware of this building pressure in his lower abdomen. He knew immediately what was the matter, only problem was he didn’t know where the toilet was in this Manor. Snape had neglected to tell him earlier, and he wasn’t feeling brave enough to ask. As lunch finished up Draco stood up unsure of what he was to be doing.

“Emery go play, Draco and I are going to the lab,” Severus said as he stood up as well.

Harry frowned deeply, his every emotion on his face once again. Why did Snape want to go to the lab with Draco? He wasn’t even allowed in the lab, so why was Draco? What did this mean? Was his dad getting rid of him? He wasn’t aware of the fact that he was whimpering until he realized two sets of eyes were on him.

“No child, he’s not going to make a potion. He’s going to be chopping up flobberworms and the like,” Severus reassured him.

“But, can I come too? I wanna brew,” Harry whispered out.

“Alright, let’s go then,” Severus said easily before leaving out the kitchen and to his lab.

*512*2012-08-26 08:17

{{:

Oh, boy. Can't wait to see how this situation turns out. Am I a horrible person for not feeling bad for Draco at all? 'Cause I don't think I am :p

}}

Not really I didnt feel so bad last time he got what he deserve. You may change your opionion after this next chapter though :)

{{:

Omgomgomgomgomgongomgogmimfkjskdmandlwkdnfnsmajjxjsjej I COME BACK TO THIS AMAZINGNESS!

}}

Lol...theres nothing I can say to the random notes you just pushed :p, but glad your back and thanks for the review.

{{:

This is brilliant. This is so brilliant! I'm still just loving the way you're writing the Malfoys and I can't wait until Draco gets punished > :) The little snot...anyway I hope he and Harry can learn to like each other a little better after this, that would be cute ^_^ I'm glad that Severus has a chance to spoil Harry in front of Draco now too even though Harry is "Emery" at the moment. Again, I can't even begin to tell you how freaking awesome this chapter, and this whole story, is! Love it love it love it!!! Can't wait for you next update! :D

}}

Aww thanks, I actually like the Malfoys..Narcissa especially and I really cannot do mean people, I deal with them all day I dont wanna write about any. :) Draco will get it, dont worry, but you're right on track with the story, Draco and Harry will have a truce of sorts, but Draco need's to learn something first.I'm so glad you love it, because I love writing.

{{:

A halfway-decent Lucius? o.O It's odd, but oddly fitting in this story :p

}}

Glad you think so, :p

*514*2012-08-26 08:26

This is the other half of the previous chapter, it was long enough. After this the boys will more or less get along. No warnings this chapter although you might feel a bit bad for Draco..then again, that could just be me.

Chapter 86

Draco could only watch as Snape basically melted before allowing the boy in the lab. Didn’t the boy know that he had Snape wrapped around his finger? He shook his head, feeling sorry for himself for what he did. This was going to suck, why did he have to chop them after he had just eaten lunch? Was the man trying to make him physically ill as well?

Severus instructed Draco what his chores were once they got in the lab, and set Draco on a desk before leading Harry towards the cauldrons.

“What am I making?” Harry asked excitedly, as his father instructed Paddy to stay in the corner as to not be in the way.

“Dreamless sleep,” Severus murmured turning to the page.

Harry nodded before going to get the ingredients. As he started in on the potion he could have groaned as he felt his bladder twinge. He so didn’t want to deal with it right now and just focused on ignoring it as he worked.

Draco got into his own zone as he started dicing the flobberworms in tiny squares. He swallowed constantly as his lunch threatened to show itself again. He looked up as he finished a half of a cauldron of them to see how the other two people in the lab was doing.

Emery was bouncing up and down his hand occasionally grabbing his crotch as he worked, where Snape was the opposite studying the potion diligently.

Harry didn’t notice anything as he tried to make sure his potion was perfect again. He danced on the spot, stifling a gasp as he lost a spurt. He was just about to speak up when he felt Paddy poke his nose in his leg. He looked down at the dog before turning back to the potion. He could feel Paddy’s pushing him once more and he nodded his head knowing he’d better say something. He mused that the dog was becoming to notice his little signals just like his dad.

"I am," he said with a sigh. "Daddy?" He called as he danced around.

"What is it Em? Severus asked absently.

"Is there a loo in here?" Harry tried to ask casually but end up wiggling his hips frantically to keep it all in.

Severus heard the tension in his voice and turned around quickly. He opened his mouth to speak but Harry beat him too it.

"I got caught up in brewing, I’m sorry," he said anxiously as he pulled out his wand to perform a stasis charm on the cauldron.

"I see," Severus said in amusement.

"So can I go pee?" Harry asked hurriedly.

"Do you see the sink by the door over there?" Severus asked gesturing to it.

"Yes sir," Harry said starting to jump around more so.

"It’s a toilet behind the door, go use it. Call me if you need help," Severus instructed as he turned back to the potion.

"Yes sir," Harry replied before rushing to it and disappearing inside.

Sure enough it was a toilet with a shower as well. He mused that he hadn’t know this was here before closing the door. He left it open about halfway, before pulling off his overalls with ease. He was grateful for that as he didn’t want to call Snape for help in front of Draco.

He whipped himself out and aimed at the water, peeing immediately and forcefully.

Draco looked up at the sound of Harry peeing and he shifted once before turning to look at his Professor who didn’t seem to notice anything.

"He left the door open," Draco said in embarrassment, his eyes turned from the boy.

"He does that sometimes," Severus replied automatically.

"Why? Doesn’t he want privacy?" Draco asked curiously.

"No, in case he needs help its easier for him; though sometimes it’s to make sure I haven’t left him," Severus replied before shaking his head.

Draco nodded but didn’t say anything, what could he say? He was feeling wretched all over again. The smaller was so innocent and he had hurt him. He was angry at himself, and he definitely would apologize again. At the moment the only thing on his mind was that he couldn’t stand the sound and he hurriedly tried to tune it out with his dicing and chopping. He had to take a leak too, but he wasn’t about to ask to use it. He was still very wary of his teacher at this point.

He ignored the rest of the toilet noise, the flush and tried to keep from bouncing at the water in the sink. He watched the boy walk out of the toilet, relief obvious on his face. He frowned at the overalls though as they were crooked and twisted in the back, apparently Snape notice too.

"Emery come here," Severus said as he turned around.

"Alright," Harry replied as he walked over to his father.

Severus chuckled before turning his child around and unlatching his straps.

“Dad what are you doing?” Harry asked in horror.

“You’ve got your overalls all twisted,” Severus said in amusement.

“Oh,” Harry replied stupidly before allowing the man to fix them.

“There, go back to your potion,” Severus said once he’d finished.

“Thanks,” Harry chirped before doing just that.

Draco watched that little scene with hurt in his heart. He could remember being 10 and his father being able to spend time with him. Now it was all about the Malfoy tradition and pureblood values. As if he cared about any of that, he was only 13 years old. He shook his head getting rid of the thoughts before turning back to his chopping.

About 2 hours later Harry was sitting on a stool looking at his father make another potion. He wasn’t sure what it was but he was bored beyond belief. He had finished his potion ages ago, but he didn’t want to leave. Paddy was sleep, so he couldn’t even use him as a distraction.

“Dad I’m bored,” Harry said with a dramatic sigh.

“Go play then Emery,” Severus said simply.

“Play what?” He asked.

“I don’t know, why don’t you go explore the backyard or something. Don’t you want to ride your new bike?” Severus asked curiously.

“What bike?” Harry asked in shock.

“I was going to save it for a Christmas present, but since someone is so bored it’ll be an early one.” Severus said smiling slightly.

“Really? Where is it dad?” Harry asked excitedly as he stood up eagerly.

“In my closet, go on and get it,” Severus said ruffling his hair.

“Yes!” Harry cheered before hurrying out the lab. In his excitement Paddy looked up sleepily before standing up and running after him as headed up stairs.

Draco watched on jealously once more but didn’t say anything. He did glance from the toilet door and back to Snape every couple a minutes or so. His bladder was full and ready to be emptied and he couldn’t figure out how to tell his teacher that. The man was just so damn intimidating to him. He sighed softly as he chopped, his fingers were tired and he was thirsty too even though his body dared him to put more liquid into it.

“Draco would you like to have a break?” Severus asked quietly.

“Sir,” Draco replied not quite sure what the man was saying.

“Emery has two bikes in my closet. One is for when his friend comes over. I know you’re not his friend, but can I trust you to watch over him?” Severus asked seriously.

“Yes sir,” Draco replied honestly. He wouldn’t let any harm come to the boy, not if it meant that he was done chopping up these worms.

“Then you may go,” Severus replied easily.

“Yes sir, thank you,” Draco said excitedly before starting to walk out the lab.

“Go wash your hands at the sink first,” Severus said.

Draco nodded before hurrying up and doing that. He was unable to prevent the frantic dancing as the water ran; only hoping that Snape hadn’t seen. When he was finished he hurried up the stairs and had just made it when Harry was coming out of a room with a shiny green and silver bicycle.

“Emery, can you get the other bike?” Draco blurted out.

Harry looked at the other boy in shock before shrugging and going back to get it. All this anger was making him tired, and he didn’t really want to fight right now. Granted he wasn’t about to forgive the boy at all, but he would play with him. Harry grinned as he rolled back a red and black one, knowing this one was meant for Ron when he came over.

“Here you go Draco,” Harry said holding the bike out to him.

“Can I ride the green one?” Draco asked, as he looked at the color in disgust.

“Nope, that one’s mine,” Harry replied proudly before slowly starting to walk down the stairs with it.

Draco frowned but started following Emery. He stopped when he saw the dog following them.

"Is he coming too?" He asked trying to keep the fear out of his voice.

"Yes," Harry replied staring at the Slytherin in confusion. He thought the boy sounded a bit scared of Paddy. Harry turned around to get on his bike, keeping an eye on Draco in case he tried to do something to him.

"Oh," Draco replied softly before giving himself a squeeze. He sighed audibly in relief before getting on the bike.

Harry raised an eyebrow, before shaking his head. He wasn’t sure he saw right. He smiled before getting on his bike and started riding. He wobbled when he first started but he got the hang of it and grinned happily as he started to go faster.

He turned around to see Draco wiggling around on his bike. He didn’t think anything of it until Paddy started barking at him and then he slowed down. Harry frown, why was Paddy barking at Draco anyway?

"Hush Paddy, you’re scaring him," Harry told the dog as he looked at Draco.

"I'm gonna go back, to the Manor," Draco whimpered out. He had to go so bad, he knew he was gonna pee on himself unless he said something. He hadn’t used the toilet since he had first woken up that morning at home. And since it was now hitting 4:00pm it wasn’t that strange that he needed to use it again.

"Why?" Harry asked in confusion.

"I don’t...I need...nothing I just gotta go back," he said before awkwardly turning around. He had gotten off the bike to turn it and at the moment he was bent at the waist in a position Harry knew all too well.

"Do you have to wee Draco?" He asked curiously, looking at Paddy when he barked once more. Harry wasn’t sure, but he could swear the bark meant a yes.

"No I just have to get back," he whimpered before starting the short ride back to the house.

“I still think he’s going to wee,” Harry muttered before he shrugged as he continued his ride around the Manor. He was on lap number 3 when his watch started beeping. Looking around he could see it getting dark and he hurried back to the house bringing his bike into the house.

"Go wash up Harry," Severus told him as he walked in.

Harry did just that before coming to the kitchen table and taking a seat across from Draco, who didn’t look so good.

The boy had a sheen of sweat across his face which was red and he looked liked he might start crying at any moment.

"Draco, what’s wrong?" Harry asked as his father went to go grab the food from the kitchen.

"Your dad didn’t give me a tour of the Manor, so I don’t know where anything is," Draco said miserably quickly hoping the boy would catch on.

"What are you looking for?" Harry asked in return.

"The...," he started but Snape had just walked back in.

"The what?" Harry asked.

"Nothing, never mind I’m fine,” Draco said hurriedly.

"You don’t look fine," Harry muttered but he let it go as his father served the food.

Draco wiggled around in his seat as he grabbed his fork. He had to go so bad he couldn’t stand it. It was starting to hurt and he found himself rapidly blinking his eyes to stop the tears from falling.

Severus wasn’t oblivious he could see his Slytherin was upset about something but he didn’t know what. He assumed this was something trivial like the color of the bike maybe, since the boy had come back in before Harry.

"Dad something’s the matter with Draco," Harry finally whispered; not that the blonde was paying any attention to him.

"What do you mean?" Severus asked, before turning to look at the blonde boy.

"When we were out biking he looked like he needed a wee but he said no. And I thought that he was gonna use it when he came back in. But I was just talking to him and he said that you hadn’t given him a tour and he didn’t know where it was," Harry explained.

"Where what is Harry?" Severus asked curiously though he had a hunch.

"I don’t know he stopped when you came out, all he said was..," Harry trailed off when he heard Draco gasp.

Draco was trembling in his chair, as his bladder contracted over and over. He opened his mouth to ask where the toilet was but it was too late. He felt his boxers get warm and no amount of squeezing was going to help. He held stock still as he started peeing forcefully in his chair. He choked on a sob before burying his head in his hands the moment he heard his pee splattering on the hardwood floor below.

Harry was staring at the blond in horror.

"Dad, he's gonna pee, you didn’t tell him where the toilet was?" Harry asked horrified, having caught on that moment.

"I forgot child, and I believe it’s a little too late for that, as he is already peeing," Severus said dryly as he took in the scene.

Draco could hear them talking about him through his sobs, but he didn’t say anything. What could he possibly say? He was peeing himself at the dinner table, there went his manners. He felt his bladder emptying slowly, he mused that he really had to go because it felt like it was never going to end. Finally about a minute later, his stream finished, but he didn’t lift his head up. He still had no idea where the toilet was, so he couldn’t even shower.

“Dragon, are you finished?” Severus asked gently. He was feeling terrible; he didn’t bother to ask why Draco didn’t ask him. His mood hadn’t been the best all day, and he could understand the boy’s reluctance to ask.

“Yes sir,” Draco whispered out hoarsely.

“You wanna take a bath Draco? That’s what I always get when I have an accident,” Harry chirped in.

“I guess so,” Draco murmured, though he didn’t move from where he was. He didn’t want to see the puddle, or the mess he had made in the kitchen. He wasn’t even hungry anymore; he just wanted to go home.

“Come here Dragon,” Severus said softly, before standing up himself and picking the boy up.

“I’m wet, you’ll get it on you Professor,” Draco said piteously.

“True, but I can spell it away easily,” Severus said brushing it off.

“Emery, finish eating while I go get Draco cleaned up.” Severus said.

Harry nodded turning back to his pasta with a sad sigh. He felt horrible for the boy, but in a way, they were even. He grinned, maybe now they could actually play together. He was so looking forward to tomorrow.

*520*2012-08-28 03:00

{{:

I've been reading but I havent been commenting... oops. I will give you some feedback. At the moment, this chapter was cute, I was pissed at Draco, but I was seriously sad for him this chapter. He peed at the kitchen table, poor thing :p, I cannot wait untl the next chapter.

}}

Thats alright, as long as you review when you can and I'll be happy :p

{{:

... Now I feel like a horrible person for still not feeling bad for Draco. But I don't. I really don't. Awesome chapter, though, regardless!

}}

Well it depends on the person, but its not done yet so we'll see :p, I am glad you like it tho

{{:

Starting to feel a little bad for Draco now...... Continue with the amazing work!

}}

Lol thats the plan, and I will :)

{{:

I told myself I woulnt feel bad for Draco...but I lied, I felt awful for him. >.< I loved Harry in this chapter as well. I know I've said it before...But I Love your Harry more than I usually do with stories. :)

I know you have to end this story sometime...But until then, I will continue to enjoy every chapter. :D

}}

I know right, I told myself that too, but I love Draco so naturally If felt horrible for him. I'm glad, I love my slightly regressed Harry as well, hes adorable.

*Gasp* We cannot talk the end of this story because *whispers softly* Everytime I try to end it, I keep getting more ideas for it. Its gotten so bad that I'm literally transfering ideas to a new story. The sad part is I really want to end at exactly chapter 100...I dont know if its gonna work though lol

{{:

Awww this last chapter was cute! I did feel bad for Draco, but I also felt like he got what he deserved for what he did to Harry. The way you write him, he seems like the type of child who needs to suffer a little bit in order to learn a lesson...I'm hoping he and Harry can become friends, even if he only knows Harry as Emery :)

}}

That was my intention, but you are correct once again. He has to learn and this seems the only way for him to understand I suppose. And dont worry, he will :)

*522*2012-08-28 03:20

Alright, I'm through with my torturing of Draco, I will turn back to Harry's antics now, I just had to bring them closer together so to speak. Anywas I hope you guys enjoy this.

Chapter 87

After that disastrous dinner where Draco had his accident, Harry noticed that when he saw the boy after he was very subdued. He wasn’t sure what his father said to him, but he was feeling horrible for Draco. He smiled softly as he headed up to his room; Snape had promised that they would be going somewhere tomorrow and he was excited. He passed the blonde’s room on the way to his and he found his door closed. Harry wasn’t that brave and headed into his own room and got ready for bed. He was in the middle of getting dressed when Snape walked into his room.

“Did you get a bath Harry?” He asked quietly as he spelled the room.

“No, but can I take one tomorrow before we go?” Harry asked tiredly.

“You can, right after breakfast,” Severus murmured as he got him into bed. “Is your underwear on?”

“Yeah,” Harry replied softly as he basically melted in the pillow.

“Did you go pee?” Severus asked, going down the daily list.

“No but I don’t have too,” Harry said quickly not wanting to get up.

“Are you sure you don’t have to, or do you not just want to get up?” Severus pressed.

“I’m sleepy daddy,” Harry whined.

“Fine, you don’t have to go tonight,” Severus said with a frown.

He knew the only reason Harry was starting to whine because he was probably tired. He himself was tired; having to deal with Draco took a lot out of him. Especially since the blonde boy flinched every time he touched him. He finally talked to him and it turned out the boy had really taken to heart what his father had said. The child was afraid that he would take advantage of disciplining him because of what he did to Harry. Severus sighed, but he knew he would only punish Draco if he had too. That’s what took up most of his time, he had to reassure the boy that he wouldn’t hurt him.

“Good, night daddy.” Harry mumbled sleepily.

“Sleep tight child,” Severus said as he tucked him in. Making sure a small light in the corner was on he walked out the room and went to check on Draco.

~*~*~*

Draco had cried himself into a restless sleep, and it showed. He was tired and drained and he had noticed before that his stomach had hurt from holding it all day. He didn’t hear when Snape came in to check on him, nor did he feel when the man wiped the tears off his sleeping face. He was gone to the world, at least for a few hours. Around 2am he woke up, but it wasn’t because he wasn’t sleepy anymore, it was because his overworked bladder needed to be emptied again.

He groaned and slowly got out the bed, and toddled out to the hall. He frowned as he looked around; he still had no idea where the toilet was. Earlier Snape had carried him, and since his face had been buried in the man’s shoulder, he had neglected to see. He sighed as he crossed his legs, his bladder was severely weakened at the moment and he already had to go bad.

He hurried over to the door he remembered to be Emery’s and quietly opened it and slipped in. He was planning on shaking the boy awake, so he could tell him where the toilet was. He hoped the boy didn’t play a joke on him, because it was really urgent. He had just shook the boy to wake him up when he looked up to see that Paddy moved. Draco stared wide eyed at the dog, which was growling lowly at him.

He crossed his legs tightly as he held himself, extremely frightened at the moment. He closed his eyes as the traitorous tears started to fall. He was expecting the dog to attack him. He sniffled as he tensed up; waiting to feel the dog’s teeth sink into him, but it didn’t come. Draco shuddered as his bladder started to contract, and he tried to prevent the flood from coming like earlier.

Sirius for his part was staring at his cousin in shock. He only meant to scare the little bugger, but he had seen what happened earlier at the table and he didn’t have it in him to do it now. He had felt really bad and he knew Harry felt the same way. He cocked his head to the side as he stared at the boy. If he could frown in this form he would, the kid thought he was going to attack him.

He whined softly before shaking his head as he took in the child’s stance. He was familiar with it now, considering Harry tended to wait until the last minute to express his need. He couldn’t understand why his godson chose to do that, though Snape seemed to be on top of things. Because of that Sirius had come to recognize the potty dance for what it was, and in short that’s exactly what Draco was doing, or his own version of it.

Even considering that the boy looked like he was dying for the toilet at this very moment. He mused that this was probably the reason why he was seeking Harry out. Figuring he could be of help he started licking Harry’s face to wake him up. He grinned inwardly as Harry’s face scrunched up in confusion as he was literally licked awake.

“Stop it Paddy,” Harry mumbled tiredly before trying to swat the dog away.

Draco opened his eyes when he heard Harry’s voice. He was bent over in an awkward position and bounced around as he tried to contain the flood.

“Emery, can you get up please?” Draco whispered out, his tearful eyes still staring fearfully at the dog.

“Who’s that? Paddy gross, stop licking me,” Harry murmured before finally sitting up and blinking blearily in the semi-dark room. He yawned tiredly, trying to figure out why Paddy woke him up, and he sleepily checked to see that his bed was dry. What was the problem then?

“Emery, can you help me?” Draco blurted out interrupting the silence. He sniffled loudly, but his hands were too busy to wipe the tears off his face.

“What are you doing Draco? Why are you in my room?” Harry asked his brain not fully awake to process what the other boy had said.

“I really need to use the toilet, like really bad,” Draco moaned out pitifully

“So go and use it then,” Harry said in confusion. What was stopping the boy?

“I don’t know where it is, please Emery.” Draco cried as he stomped in place. He looked up in alarm once more when Paddy started nuzzling Harry like he wanted him to get up as well.

“Alright, both of you calm down I’ll show you,” Harry said with a sigh before quickly getting out of bed.

Standing close to the boy and having his eyes adjusted to the darkness, he could see the Slytherin was totally in a bad way.

“Why did you hold it so long?” Harry asked curiously.

“I woke up this way, and then you didn’t wake up,” Draco rushed out desperately.

“You didn’t see it when Dad gave you a bath earlier?” Harry asked simply.

“I wasn’t looking,” Draco said shamefully as he looked to the floor.

“That’s ok; let me show you where it is.” Harry said quickly.

“Thank you,” Draco said the gratitude evident in his tone.

“No problem,” Harry replied, taking the boy’s free hand and leading him towards the bathroom.

He could see that the door was closed and for a moment he wondered where the light was until he saw the nightlight in the outlet.

“Oh thank Merlin,” Draco said before rushing passed Harry and into the loo. He didn’t even care that the other boy was right there as he slipped his pajama bottom’s down and started to pee.

“Is it ok if I go back to bed now?” Harry asked with a wide yawn. He didn’t see anything wrong with the situation, since his house and Ron’s had an open-door policy.

“Not yet, I need to tell you something first,” Draco said softly.

“Tell me what?” Harry asked curiously.

“Can I tell you after I get done?” Draco asked awkwardly.

“I guess so,” Harry said. He didn’t get it but he leaned up against the wall like he had seen his dad do to wait for the boy.

Draco for the most part was extremely embarrassed; didn’t the other boy understand the word privacy? Now that he was in the process of relieving himself, he could think a bit rationally. And at the moment, he was completely embarrassed.

He didn’t use the toilet in front of his own father and yet here he was in front of a kid he barely knew. He sighed softly as he glanced at the boy. He tried to discreetly turn, but only succeeded on peeing on the floor a bit, and he groaned.

“Can you not look?” Draco asked quietly.

“I’m not; I’m actually looking at the ceiling.” Harry replied. “And even if I did look, we’re both boys,”

“Yeah I know that, but this is awkward,” Draco said his face bright red in his humiliation as he came down from his pee high.

“Not really,” Harry replied with a shrug before walking into the bathroom as he noticed Draco finishing.

“What…what the hell are you doing?” Draco asked in horror. He was already pushing down his shirt to hide himself. He couldn’t help how modest he was, his family had a closed door policy.

“Well you’re nearly done, and I need to go.” Harry said holding the front of his pants as he waited for Draco to move.

“But I’m not, please back up,” Draco asked quietly. He was trying to hurry up and push the last of his wet out but Emery was making his nervous and his stream was turning into a trickle even though he still had to go.

“But you’re finishing and I need a wee,” Harry repeated with a frown. He didn’t understand, what was the blonde boy playing at now?

“I’m not done, I just can’t go because you’re in here,” Draco said meekly.

“You’re embarrassed to pee in front of me? But you were just doing it a second ago,” Harry said with a shake of his head.

“And trust me I was embarrassed there too,” Draco confessed with a shift.

“Alright, I’ll turn back around. Just hurry up,” Harry murmured as his back faced Draco.

“I will, can you turn on the water?” Draco asked shyly.

“Why?” Harry asked curiously.

“My flow is a bit stuck,” he said softly,

“Wow, you really are pee shy,” Harry said before turning on the faucet. He moaned softly before holding himself as he waited for the boy to finish up.

Draco for his part was floored at the boy’s words, and he hurriedly pushed out the remaining pee before fixing his clothes. He shook his head and headed over to the sink, trying to wash his hands quickly so he wouldn’t be in here when Emery peed.

Harry rushed over to the toilet and got into position and started to relieve himself with a sigh. He chanced a glance at Draco and shook his head.

“What did you want to tell me?” He asked curiously.

“I wanted you to know that I really am sorry about making you have an accident. And I’m sorry for being a spoilsport and hitting you,” he said sincerely, though his eyes were anywhere but on Harry. He couldn’t understand how the boy was so comfortable, he wasn’t at the moment and he wasn’t even peeing anymore.

“That’s alright, I forgive you. But if you do it again, I’m kicking you in the balls, and then I’m letting Paddy have a go at you,” Harry promised.

“I won’t, I promise,” Draco said wide eyed.

“Good,” Harry replied happily as he finished and moved to his wash his own hands.

“Thanks for helping me and I’ll see you in the morning,” Draco said formally before making his way to his room.

Harry nodded before walking back into his room. Getting under the covers, he fell asleep cuddling Paddy. His dreams were filled once more with happy thoughts as he had mused that this vacation wasn’t turning out to be so bad in the slightest.

