Kiplington School for Girls: Chapter One

Author: awkwardnovember

*000*2013-07-22 10:33

Kiplington School for Girls

Fanfic of Winifred Holtby's South Riding (and BBC dramatization thereof) about the trials and tribulations of the headmistress of a girls school, northern England, 1930s. Comments welcome.

Chapter One: In Which Midge is Punished and Embarrasses Herself Utterly

Sarah Burton, headmistress of Kiplington School for Girls, sighed. The science mistress continued, distressed:

"And then, Miss Burton, I intercepted a note." She produced a folded and dog-eared wad. Sarah opened it slowly. The first line of the note read, in a slanting childish hand, "Want to start something with Old Siggy?" Below, another hand had responded: "You go first. I dare you to say something about that awful dress she is wearing."

Miss Sigglesthwaite, known not-so-affectionately to the girls as "Old Siggy" managed her classroom dreadfully. The fourth form were always trouble, despite Sarah's increasingly fierce warnings about punishments to be inflicted on the next girls to step out of line.

"Who wrote the notes?" she asked reluctantly.

"I don't know, but I suspect Midge Carne was one of them. She sits in the same row as Jane, and I caught the note going from Jane to Molly."

Sarah grimaced and got to her feet. It was time she dealt with this situation with the severity it deserved. "Stay here," she instructed Miss Sigglesthwaite. "I'll be back in a moment."

Sarah strode down the hall and into the science classroom. All tittering ceased immediately. She walked purposefully to the front of the room and spoke in a quiet voice that all girls leaned forward to hear. "Who wrote this note?"

Silence.

"If," Sarah said, "I need to match handwriting in order to work out who wrote this note, I will do so, and your punishment will be much, much worse. Now, raise your hand if you were one of those who wrote this note."

At one end of a science bench, Midge raised her hand tentatively. At the other, Jill Johnson did the same.

"Down to my office," Sarah dismissed them. She glared at the three girls left in the middle of the row: "So I suppose you three passed the notes back and forth?"

All three looked down and nodded.

"You can go down to my office too."

Sarah strode out behind them. At the office door, she dismissed the trembling Miss Sigglesthwaite to deal with what remained of the fourth form. The girls crowded inside the small office.

"I'll deal with you three first," she pointed to Sadie, Jane, and Molly, the note-passers. "Do you have anything to say for yourselves?"

The girls looked down once more. They knew they had been warned on multiple occasions about behavior in science classes.

"Is there any reason why I shouldn't cane you?" Sarah asked, grim-faced. Molly looked up fleetingly, as if she had an idea, bit quickly thought better of it and returned her face to the floor. Out of the corner of her eye, Sarah saw Midge twitch and start to squirm. Midge knew, thought Sarah, that any punishment given to Sadie, Jane, and Molly would be even more severe for herself and Jill.

Sarah reached past the anxious girls and took the cane out of the wardrobe. "Right," she said. "Molly, you can go first. One stroke on the hand. Hold your hand out flat. If you pull it away, you'll receive an extra stroke."

Molly, Sarah knew, had been caned before and knew what to expect. She wanted her to set a good example for the others. Molly duly held out her hand. Sarah raised the cane over head, strode forward, and thwacked it hard on Molly's palm. Molly gasped. Tears sprang to her eyes. Sarah's reputation for hard canings was well deserved.

"Wait outside," said Sarah severely, turning her attention to Sadie. Midge couldn't stand still. She jiggled her foot.

"Stop that, Midge," Sarah barked.

"But Miss Burton," began Midge.

"Be quiet, Midge!" said Sarah. Midge was an hysterical, difficult child, and Sarah believed she had already given her more chances than Midge deserved. She was determined that, this time, Midge would receive a fair punishment, hysterics or no hysterics.

Sadie was less stoic than Molly, bursting into noisy tears as the cane fell. Jane, the third of the note-passers, was already in tears before Sarah even instructed her to hold out her hand. As Sarah raised the cane to punish Jane, Midge jerked and clutched her crotch. Sarah turned her eyes to Midge. Urine ran down Midge's legs, soaking her ankle socks and creating a pool on the floor. Midge collapsed in tears.

"Stop that," rapped Sarah. "Molly, go and fetch some rags from the cleaning cupboard. Sadie, fetch Matron -- she's supervising 5th form prep in room 3. Now, Jane, hold out your hand." Sarah turned her attention from Midge's puddle to Jane's hand. She caned her smartly. Molly returned with rags, which Sarah indicated she should place on the floor. Matron arrived in the doorway, slightly out of breath as always.

"Ah, Matron," said Sarah. "Midge Carne has wet her knickers." Midge sobbed. "I am about to cane her for terrorizing Miss Sigglesthwaite," Sarah continued. "Can you take her up to the boarders' quarters afterwards and find her clean knickers -- and maybe a bath?"

"Of course," said Matron, frowning at the humiliated Midge.

Sarah dismissed Molly, Sadie, and Jane back to class. She briefly considered telling them not to mention Midge's accident to anyone, but she decided against it. Midge's behaviour had been far too silly recently, and Sarah believed some shame might humble her. The story would be all over the school by the end of the day.

"Now, Midge and Jill," Sarah addressed the two remaining girls. "You will each receive four strokes. You first, Midge. Hold out your hand."

But Midge could not hold out her hand. Her terror of the cane, combined with her shame, was too much. She held it tentatively but pulled it away as Sarah raised the cane. Sarah gave her two more chances, adding strokes to her punishment each time. She couldn't help rolling her eyes at Matron, who found Midge every bit as trying as did Sarah.

Finally, Sarah barked, "Midge, since you cannot hold out your hand, I will cane you on your bottom. Come here."

Midge sidled toward Sarah hesitantly. Sarah seized the child, sat down, and laid her over her knee. She raised Midge's tunic, which was wet at the back. Midge's regulation school knickers were dripping at the crotch. Sarah lifted the cane over her shoulder and brought it down, hard, across Midge's wet knickers. Midge screamed and twisted, but Sarah held her firmly. Again, Sarah flogged her, and again, and again, and again. Five strokes. Not as many as Midge deserved, probably, but the child was completely hysterical by this point, and more pain would do no more to make the point. Matron led her away.

*002*2013-07-24 00:21

Chapter Two: In Which the Fifth Form gets Mumps and the Third Form gets a Spanking

Sarah packed her nightdress, slippers, and toothbrush into her valise, just as the doorbell rang. She carried the valise downstairs as she let in the hired nurse. The girls would be arriving any minute.

Six members of the fifth form had mumps, and Sarah Burton, headmistress of Kiplington School for Girls, had made over her home into a sanatorium. Three of the girls were day students and could recover at home. But the other three were weekly boarders, and their homes were too far. Besides, the Doctor had recommended that they should try to contain the outbreak as much as possible. He had made vague insinuations about the danger of the mumps spreading to the boys' school, which puzzled Sarah. She couldn't see why mumps should be any worse for boys than for girls, so she attributed his comment to his chauvinism.

While the three girls and the nurse moved into Sarah's small house, Sarah herself was moving to the school dormitories. She would occupy a small attic room just along from the sixth formers. Sixth formers had the privilege of sharing the two-bed attic rooms, while the third, fourth, and fifth formers were housed in larger dorm rooms on the floor below. The girls, excitable as ever, were delighted at the novelty of having their headmistress sleep in the dormitories.

"Miss Burton, will you read us a bedtime story?" asked Joan, one of the cheekier third formers, as the boarders, Sarah, and Matron sat at dinner. Sarah glanced at Matron, who shrugged.

"I generally read the third formers a chapter or two," Matron smiled. "They're a little old for it, yes, but it helps them settle after lights out."

Sarah looked back to Joan and smiled: "Very well, as long as everyone is in bed on time."

After dinner, Matron led the girls off to do their prep, while Sarah retired to her office to catch up on paperwork. She was tired and hoped for a restful night. Just before nine, the third formers' bedtime, she climbed the stairs to her attic room and changed into her nightgown. She could hear the third formers in the dormitory directly below her, giggling and rushing to brush their teeth and get into bed on time. She sat on the bed to put on her slippers, and heard it crinkle beneath her. Pulling back the sheets, she found a rubber sheet had been pulled over the mattress. Sarah was puzzled, but thought no more of it.

At precisely nine o'clock, Sarah descended the stairs. She found all six girls in bed, although from the flushed faces and the scrambling she heard as she entered the room she could tell that some of them had only just made it on time. Matron had thoughtfully supplied her with a book and a candle, so Sarah switched off the light and started to read.

Sarah was a good reader, capable of imbuing characters with distinctive voices and gestures. Matron had been reading the girls Great Expectations, and very soon Sarah had created a thoroughly grumpy Miss Haversham. The girls' eyes were round as they listened. When the chapter was done, they groaned and begged for more. But the chapter had been a long one, and Sarah resisted.

"You must come around and kiss us now," insisted Joan. "Matron always does."

Sarah smiled benevolently. She went to each bed in turn and kissed each girl on her forehead. Then she blew out the candle and bade them good night.

"Thank you!" sighed Matron, as Sarah entered her office. "That was a treat for them. Hopefully, with half the fifth form gone, this will be a quiet night."

"The third formers are tired, anyway," said Sarah.

"They had gym today," Matron remarked. "That usually means they're off to sleep fast. I just hope we don't have any wet beds tonight."

"Oh," said Sarah. "That reminds me: why is there a rubber sheet on the attic room bed? You're not expecting me to wet my bed, I trust?"

Matron chuckled. "No, no. It's standard practice here. All the beds have them -- they're cheaper than new mattresses. You'd be surprised how many girls still wet their beds occasionally. Or perhaps they just do it more often when they're away from home."

Matron left to turn out the lights of the fourth formers, and Sarah went up to her room. She brushed her teeth and climbed into bed. It had been a long day, and despite the strangeness of the new room and the odd feeling of the rubber sheet, she was quickly asleep.

It seemed like no time at all had passed before Sarah was awakened by squeals and sounds of footsteps running up and down in the room below her. Sarah's first thought was that the third formers' room might have caught on fire. The building was old and wooden, after all. She sprang out of bed, pausing only to put on her slippers, and raced down to the dormitory below.

Matron was already there, hands on her hips, glaring at the girls who stood in the middle of the floor. The light was blazing and Sarah covered her eyes. "What is going on?" Sarah asked in a voice she intended to sound authoritative but which came out as a croak instead.

"Miss Burton!" exclaimed Matron. "I am so sorry these naughty girls woke you up. They decided to choose tonight, of all nights, to play a trick on the fourth formers. I am about to spank all of them."

"I'll help," declared Sarah grimly. "How many and how hard?"

Matron was already sitting on the edge of the first bed and had removed her slipper. "You really needn't," she said. "But I'm grateful, and we'll all get back to bed sooner. Eight strokes, hard."

Matron seized the first girl, laid her over her knee, and began to wallop her. Sarah sat on the opposite bed, reached for one of her slippers, summoned Joan, and placed her over her lap. Joan's white nightgown was thin, and as Sarah began to spank her with the slipper, she saw the redness spread quickly across Joan's bottom. She finished with the sobbing Joan and pushed her gently to her feet. The other girls had quickly assessed the relative strength of Matron and of Sarah and had gravitated toward Matron's line for punishment. Sarah was unfazed.

"Emily," she called, summoning a shivering girl. "Come here."

Emily approached nervously. Sarah seized her and laid her over her lap. After one stroke, Emily began to wriggle. After three strokes, she could not stay quiet nor still.

"Stop that wriggling at once," said Sarah. But it was no use. Emily writhed.

"Be still," barked Sarah. Whether it was a result of her abrupt voice or of the fear of the slipper descending, Sarah did not know, but Emily suddenly went limp. A second later she cried out. At almost exactly the same moment, Sarah felt warm wetness seeping into her cotton nightgown and the tops of her thighs. It took a moment for her to understand what was happening. Emily had wet herself while pinioned on Sarah's lap, and both of them were quite soaked.

The silence and stillness of the girls alerted Matron that something had happened. She looked over and took in the puddle now forming beneath Sarah, the horror on Emily's face, and the revulsion on Sarah's.

"Did you wet yourself again, Emily?" Matron asked. Emily could only sob. "Very well," said Matron. "Go and change your nightgown and then clean up the mess. Miss Burton, I'll find you another nightgown for tonight."

Matron strode off down the hall, and Emily scuttled to her chest of drawers, leaving Sarah sitting in a soggy nightgown. She elected to follow Matron. The wetness around her upper thighs clung to her as she walked down the hall. Matron was several sizes larger than Sarah. She found her an ugly, though comfortable, flannelette nightgown.

"I'm so sorry about Emily," said Matron. "Hopefully, though, that's one wet bed fewer we'll have tonight. Emily's bladder is weak at the best of times, and she would almost certainly have wet the bed tonight after a spanking. Shall I finish off the last of the slipperings?"

Sarah sighed. "No, I'm awake now. Let's finish together and get the girls back to bed."

By the time they returned to the room, Emily had cleaned the puddle beneath the bed. She was unable to meet Sarah's eye. Despite her discomfort, Sarah felt sorry for her. Imagine the horror of wetting on one's headmistress! She couldn't fathom the shame.

"Emily," she said gently. "You have five strokes to go. But I think you've been punished enough, haven't you?"

Emily, face to the floor, could only nod.

"Look at me," insisted Sarah. "I'm not angry. These things happen."

Emily chanced a quick glance at her headmistress then quickly resumed staring at the floor.

"Get into bed," said Sarah. "Now who's next? Nellie?"

"Miss Burton?" asked Nellie, as cheeky as Joan. "If I pee on you, do I only get half a spanking too?"

*005*2013-07-25 06:24

Chapter Three: In Which a Girl is Sad and Happy

The mumps epidemic got worse before it got better. At one point, Sarah's little house was home to eight girls: two in each bedroom and four on cots in the living room. Sarah was grateful that most recovered quickly and that life at Kiplington School for Girls resumed as normal. But she worried about Maisie Byars, fifth-form boarder, for whom the mumps were just the beginning. Maisie was small for her age and had never had strong lungs. Sarah suspected that becoming a cigarette smoker at a young age had not helped; she had twice caned Maisie for smoking. Just as Maisie was over the mumps and about to return to the dorm and to her classes, she caught a bad cold. The bad cold soon turned into pneumonia, and Maisie lay for several days on the brink of life and death before starting slowly to recover her strength.

"The problem is," Sarah told Matron on Thursday, "we simply cannot afford to hire a night nurse just for one girl. During the day, we don't have much choice but to keep the nurse there. But how much nursing does she need overnight? Would it be sufficient if she were to share my room overnight?"

"That would work," mused Matron. "She's starting to sleep better now that her fever is going down. But there's something you should know: since first becoming sick, she's become an incorrigible bedwetter. She used to wet her bed occasionally. But for the last fortnight, it's been several times a day."

"But we don't have that many sheets!" said Sarah.

"Exactly," said Matron. "Which is why Dr. Bryon suggested she wear rubber pants with cloth napkins beneath. The nurse can change her before she leaves, but I don't want you to have to do it overnight. Perhaps she is nearly well enough to do it herself? I'll consult with the nurse."

The nurse, eager to be relieved of overnight duties, assured Matron that Maisie was capable of changing herself, so Sarah moved out of the dormitories and back to her own cottage. She was grateful to be home: she'd been gone for two weeks and had missed her privacy and her familiar surroundings. Not that there would be a lot of privacy sharing a room with a sick girl.

"Maisie really needs to be coughing up some of that phlegm in her lungs," the nurse told Sarah as she prepared to leave the first night.

"But it hurts," complained the girl weakly.

"As long as it stays down there, you won't be getting better," said the nurse.

Sarah saw the nurse to the door then returned upstairs to mark sixth-form essays. How pleasant it was to have the spare bedroom returned to a study! Maisie was quiet, and Sarah assumed she was sleeping. Halfway through a particularly poorly-written paper, she heard an odd noise from the bedroom. It sounded like a window scraping open. Sarah put down her pen and went to investigate.

Maisie was sitting over by the window -- in a draft -- with a cigarette between her lips and a lit match halfway to her mouth. She froze upon seeing Sarah.

"What on earth are you doing?" bellowed Sarah. Maisie's eyes went wide and the cigarette dropped from her lips.

"Blow that out!," Sarah snapped, nodding at the match and marching over to slam the window closed. "Now, again, what do you think you are doing?"

"I'm sorry, Miss," said the terrified Maisie. "It's just that -- my lungs -- they hurt. I thought maybe a fag would help. I haven't had one in so long and I thought maybe the feeling of a smoke would be good for them."

"That's ridiculous. A cigarette is the last thing you need. And where did you get it, anyway?"

Maisie looked guiltily at Sarah's shelf.

"You stole this cigarette from my own room?" asked Sarah, incredulous. "Get into bed at once. I'll be back in to deal with you in a minute."

Sarah strode out of the room. Her footsteps clopped angrily down the wooden stairs. She reached for the telephone.

"You'll never guess what that naughty child was doing," she told Matron.

Matron was suitably appalled at Sarah's tale. "But my question is," said Sarah, "how do I punish her? If she's well enough to steal cigarettes, she's well enough to be punished. I can't overlook it. But I don't think she's well enough for a flogging. What do you say?"

"Hmmm," said Matron. "How would you feel about spanking her with your hand? I do that sometimes with the littlest third formers at the start of the year."

"Does it hurt them much?" said Sarah.

"Well, no, but that's the point. They feel only the same pain that you do as you spank them. But it shames them, and you know you've not hurt them much. If it were me, I'd give her a spanking. What a naughty girl!"

Sarah took Matron's advice. As she sat on Maisie's bed and laid her across her knee, she realized from the bulk of the child's bottom in her nightgown that she was wearing rubber pants.

"Go and take those off in the lavatory," she told Maisie. "And use the lavatory while you are in there."

Maisie returned, looking nervous, and the spanking resumed. Sarah had never had occasion before to spank a child with her hand, and she was surprised how her hand stung. Maisie was mute through the first few spanks, but she soon thereafter began to sob. Sarah spanked her a few more times and then lifted her to her feet. Tears were, by now, coursing down Maisie's face. Sarah guided her to bed.

"There, there," she said. "I didn't spank you so hard. It stung me too, you know." She held up her hand to show Maisie its redness. But this only made Maisie cry harder. Sarah sat down on the bed next to her, leaning back against the headboard. She could sense from Maisie's reaction that there was more to her woe than the pain of the spanking.

"What is it?" she asked the girl. "What's wrong?"

Maisie choked as she tried to speak. "No one else -- would do that," she said. "No one else would would spank me with their hands."

"Maisie," remonstrated Sarah. "Taking someone else's property -- let alone smoking itself -- is a serious offense. I cannot let that go unpunished."

"No!" sobbed Maisie. "What I mean is -- no one else would have hurt themselves to punish me. They would have just -- I don't know -- caned me or not cared or something. No one has even been to see me, you know, except you."

Sarah thought for a moment. The other girls had been forbidden to visit, but it was true that none of Maisie's family had been to see her. They lived some thirty miles away, and while they didn't have a car, they might have been able to take the bus. Sarah tried to remember what she knew of Maisie's family. Maisie was at the school on scholarship, so they were probably quite poor, and Sarah seemed to remember that there were lots of children in the family. They didn't have a telephone; their contact number was via the local pub.

"Your mother sounded very concerned when I spoke to her," she told the girl. "I expect she was worried at first about your brothers and sisters getting the mumps."

"But since then," insisted Maisie. "They haven't been to see me since then..."

Maisie began to cough. Crying must have loosened some of the phlegm, because it turned into a long cough. Sarah passed her three handkerchiefs in turn as she coughed more and more. Finally the coughing subsided, and the child laid her head on Sarah's shoulder. Before long, she was asleep.

'I'll just stay a few more minutes," thought Sarah, "so that I know she is well and truly asleep. Sitting up like this is probably good for her lungs."

The next thing Sarah knew, the phone downstairs was ringing. She woke with a start. She was halfway down the stairs before realizing her bottom was soaking wet.

"Hello, this is the man you refuse to marry!" said the voice on the other end of the phone. It was Joe Astell, a good friend of Sarah whom she did, indeed, refuse to marry but whose company she enjoyed greatly.

"Joe!" said Sarah. "I was asleep in a wet bed!" She related the whole story to Joe, remembering as she told it that Maisie had not returned to the lavatory to replace her rubber pants after the spanking. Joe was greatly amused. Sarah invited him around for dinner on the following evening, although they both realized that Joe would probably end up doing most of the cooking. He was a far better cook than Sarah, but he lived in a boarding house with no kitchen for the tenants. As they spoke, Sarah felt her pants getting cold and itchy. After replacing the receiver, she ran herself a warm bath and enjoyed becoming clean. She then roused an embarrassed Maisie and encouraged the girl into the bath. Sarah changed the sheets, reminded Maisie to replace her rubber pants, then settled her back into a clean bed.

Joe arrived promptly the following evening, carrying a brown paper package of meat and an array of vegetables. Sarah had let Maisie get out of bed during the afternoon to sit downstairs by the fire, wrapped in a blanket. The child was breathing much better after the previous night's coughing fit, and she had slept soundly. Sarah had told her that a friend was coming over and that she could stay up to meet him.

"Why, it's Joe!" Maisie declared, as he came into the living room.

"You're one of the Byars kids!" said Joe, peering at her. "Which one are you, again?"

"Maisie," said the girl.

Sarah was puzzled. "It's Mr. Astell to you," she told Maisie, "as long as you are in my house. How do you two know each other?"

Joe explained. He often traveled around the hamlets surrounding Kiplington, giving speeches on behalf of socialist candidates for parliament and for the local council. The Byars family were long-term socialists, and Joe had slept on their couch on several occasions after speaking in the local pub.

"Come into the kitchen and let's get dinner started," said Sarah to Joe. "Anything you need, Maisie?" Maisie shook her head. She had more colour in her cheeks, Sarah thought, but it might only be heat from the fire. Sarah helped Joe peel the potatoes.

"Maisie was rather upset last night that her family hadn't been to see her," she remarked. "What can you tell me about her family?"

"Big, chaotic, and poor," said Joe. "I shouldn't wonder that they can't organise themselves into getting here. There's an older girl, and the mother, of course, but an awful lot of little ones to chase. The father's a farmhand on the manor farm out that way. I shouldn't imagine he's well paid. They sleep 4 or 5 to a bed. Or maybe 6 to a bed when someone like me sleeps on their couch. They're good people, but they have far more children than they know what to do with."

"Sounds like the old woman who lived in a shoe!" said Sarah.

"A bit, yes," said Joe. "Maisie's the one with the brains, but she's quiet at home and probably doesn't get noticed much."

"Poor child!" said Sarah.

Dinner was a lively affair. Maisie had eaten little in the past fortnight, but -- buoyed by Joe's company -- she sat up at the table with them and had a good meal.

"So what's this Miss Burton of yours like as a headmistress?" enquired Joe innocently to Maisie. "Is she fearsome?"

"No," said Maisie. "Though she can cane awfully hard. The girls call her ... well ... nothing."

"Oh do tell," teased Joe.

Maisie reddened. "No, I shouldn't have said. But it's true she is a much harder flogger than Mrs Harris, the old headmistress."

"When were you caned by Mrs Harris?" asked Sarah, disapprovingly.

"Oh, a few times," said Maisie vaguely, sensing that she was still treading in dangerous waters.

"And I suppose you were never punished at school, Sarah?" asked Joe.

"Hmm." Sarah couldn't help but grin. "Well, maybe once or twice. And you, Joe?"

"Oh, I was caned more times than I want to remember. I tell you what: you tell us the worst thing you ever did at school, and I'll tell you the worst I ever did ."

"Very well," said Sarah. "But it doesn't go any further, do you understand, Maisie? I don't need all the girls at school hearing about the times that their headmistress was naughty." She proceeded to tell Joe and Maisie about a time when she and a friend had played truant to meet with some boys in a teashop. She'd been given six of the best on the bottom, "The worst thing," she said, "was that my mother, sister, and I all shared a bed, so it was hard to hide it if I'd been caned. For one thing, I'd sleep on my stomach. So mother found out and spanked me with her hairbrush right on top of the caning marks. And the headmistress used a much thinner cane than the one I use, so it cut into you. And the hairbrush made it bleed all the more. It took me a long time to wash the blood out of my nightdress after that night."

Joe chuckled. He related a story about an occasion when he and a friend had smuggled themselves out of school while they were supposed to be cheering on the school rugby team. They had gone to the cinema. The cinema manager, recognizing their uniform, rang the headmaster, who was waiting to collect them when the movie ended and drag them back to school by their ears. "I couldn't sit down for a week," he finished.

By this time, the three of them had finished dinner and returned to the armchairs by the fire. Sarah and Joe reminisced about further misdemeanors and beatings from their past, until they noticed that Maisie had fallen asleep with a slight smile on her face.

"I'll carry her up to bed," Joe whispered. And so he did. And when Maisie woke, ten hours later, with a warm wet wad in her rubber pants, she didn't mind in the slightest.

*006*2013-07-25 07:01

{{: 

I love historical stuff and spankings and punishments with wettings, well done, can't wait for more.

}}

Thanks -- these have been in my head so long that I am enjoying writing them out.

{{: 

Schoolgirls, spankings and wetting... these are a few of my favorite things,

Oh my goodness, let's have more, please.

}}

Yup, they're some of my favourites too. Thank you!

{{: 

Really great, keep it up!

}}

Glad you are enjoying.

*007*2013-07-26 06:46

Chapter Four: Maisie's Slow and Humiliating Recovery

Maisie recovered more quickly after the evening spent with Sarah and Joe.

"Poor child," Sarah thought. "All she really needed was some affection in order to start getting better."

But Maisie's bedwetting problem took longer to go away. And loss of control also troubled her during serious coughing fits, of which there were many over the next few days. Sarah wondered if it were happening at other moments, too. Sometimes the girl looked far away, as if imagining herself elsewhere, then seemed to squirm as she returned to the present. The nurse was the first to raise the topic.

"She's still making use of them rubber pants," she said to Sarah. "About time she got over that if she's going back to that school of yours."

Sarah agreed. Maisie had been well enough to get up the past several days, but the pile of damp washing in the lavatory was no smaller. Finally she realised she would need to speak to Maisie.

"You should be ready to go back to school soon!" she smiled after returning home one afternoon.

Maisie's face fell.

"What?" said Sarah. "You don't want to go back to school?"

"I do want to go back," said Maisie. "But it's nice here. I have dinner with you every night. And Joe -- I mean, Mr. Astell -- has come by several times."

"I've enjoyed having you," said Sarah gently. "But Maisie, I'm worried about how much work you've missed at school. I know you've been able to catch up on some of your assignments, but you're still missing a great deal by not being in class. And I'm worried about another thing: you need to start retraining your bladder so that you're ready to be with others again. You can't keep wearing the rubber pants, you know. They're not good for your skin, and it'll be all to obvious to the other girls when you're wearing your school tunic once more."

Maisie hung her head.

"How about tomorrow you try leaving them off?" asked Sarah. "And starting tonight, I want you to report to me on whether you're dry at night."

Maisie's head drooped even further.

"Cheer up," said Sarah briskly. "It's not the end of the world. And don't worry if you have a few accidents, as long as you clean them up. And stay off the armchairs downstairs, please. They were my mother's. Now off you go to make a start on the homework I brought home for you today."

When Maisie had gone, Sarah went up to her study. She leaned back in her chair and thought about Maisie's predicament. She had spoken twice with the girl's mother in the past few days. Maisie's mother was delighted her daughter was recovering, but seemed in no hurry to come into Kiplington to see her, nor to have her sent home. What Maisie needed was someone else -- besides Sarah and Joe -- to show an interest in her. Sarah decided to invite some of the other school girls over for afternoon tea the following day. It'd mean coming home earlier than usual, but she could bring more of her marking home to finish in the evening. She also decided to move into her study in the evenings to give the girl more privacy. As Sarah rose the next morning, she looked in on Maisie.

"Did you sleep well?" she asked, striding over to pull the curtains.

Maisie opened her eyes and blinked. She paused for a moment before her cheeks turned red.

"Yes, Miss," she said in a small voice.

"Did you wet your pants?" Sarah asked, in a voice that she hoped sounded routine.

"Yes, Miss," replied Maisie in the same small voice, avoiding Sarah's eye.

"No matter," said Sarah. "Have a quick bath and join me for breakfast. I have some plans to share with you."

Over breakfast, Sarah filled Maisie in on her tea party plans. To her surprise, Maisie looked mortified.

"But what if I...? I don't think this is such a good idea, Miss."

"Nonsense," said Sarah. "You can put on the rubber pants right before they come over. Wear your nightgown and a dressing gown, and no one will be any the wiser. Now, whom should I invite?"

They devised a list of names. Maisie did, Sarah thought, seem reassured and even pleased at the chance to see some of her friends.

Sarah got home from school half an hour before the girls were due to arrive. The nurse looked grim.

"That girl's wetted herself four times today," she said. 'Laundry's not supposed to be part of my duties, you know. At least, not that much laundry."

"Thank you, nurse," said Sarah. "I'll recommend you to the doctor. But Maisie needs a lot less care now than she did last week, and we do need to get her ready to return to school."

"All the same," the nurse sniffed. "I'm a nurse, not a washerwoman. And the child is on her last nightgown. And that's including all the extras Matron sent over for the mumps patients."

"Well," said Sarah. "I'll just have to lend her some of mine." Sarah's nightgowns were among her few indulgences. They were white cotton with lace eyelets and satin ribbons, and she did not want to see them soiled. But Maisie needed to recover, and if this was part of the process then Sarah would have to manage it.

Maisie was in bed when Sarah looked in on her. She seemed embarrassed, perhaps because she had overheard the conversation with the nurse. Sarah bustled her out of bed and down to the kitchen to help prepare for the girls' arrival. They had just pulled some biscuits from the oven when the first girls arrived, ten minutes early. Sarah welcomed them into the parlour and seated them at the table, bringing in a large pot of tea. She sent Maisie to chatter with them as she brought cups, plates, and biscuits. The girls were on their best behaviour, and Sarah soon realised that conversation would be stilted as long as she was there.

So she excused herself and went up to her study. She smiled as she heard laughter and snatches of gossip from below. When she returned to the room, an hour later, the girls were still having a fine time, but she noticed that Maisie was sitting a little stiffly. The girls interpreted her return, appropriately, as time to leave, and they soon excused themselves. Sarah saw them to the door, but Maisie remained on her chair at the table. Sarah reentered the room with a sense of foreboding which she tried to ignore.

"Well," she said. "Did you have a lovely time?"

Maisie nodded. Then she burst into tears.

"I had a lovely time," she said. "But I didn't get my rubber pants back on before they arrived. And..."

"Never mind," said Sarah, glancing under the table at the puddle. "Up to the bath. I'll find you a new nightgown."

It took several more days of accidents and washing before Maisie regained her daytime continence. On the following Monday, she returned to school. Aside from one disastrous occasion in Arithmetic, she managed to stay dry during the day. The nights, however, were another story, and Maisie's name was reinscribed on the list of bedwetters that Matron included in her weekly reports to Sarah.

*009*2013-07-26 08:07

Responding to abyssfather above:

I'm sorry it made you uncomfortable. I did tag it with "spanking" and "caning" to alert people.

Also, I would point out that practices we might consider abusive today (spanking, caning) were considered perfectly normal in the 1930s, when the story is set. And the adults in the story who practice corporal punishment use it in a routine way, without deriving sexual pleasure from it.

Even so, I do apologise if you were made uncomfortable.

*010*2013-07-27 05:04

Oh -- one other thing that I may not have made clear enough: in the old system in the UK, third formers were usually aged about 13-14, fourth formers 14-15, fifth formers 15-16, etc. They are certainly not equivalent to the current UK year 3,4, and 5 (ages approx 7-11) or the US 1st-3rd grades (ages approx 8-12). Kiplington School for Girls is a high school, and most kids (both boys and girls) did not attend high school in this time.

