Northford Correctional Institution

Author: froggychan

*000*2015-07-02 06:01

CHAPTER 1: PRISON TRANSFER

Roxanne Holloway couldn't go to sleep. She laid on the bed, shivering, as the temperature was pretty low in her stone cold cell. She didn't know what time it was since there wasn't a clock anywhere. And even if there was a clock, she couldn't see through the pitch black of her cell, since the guards would turn off all lights once it was 9, which was probably hours ago. No matter how hard she tried, it was impossible. It wasn't that she felt depressed or anxious. The pillows that were on all beds were really thin. Also, this was her last night in the prison. According to what she heard, a new law was passed. The adult prisons lowered their accepted age limit from 21 to 18. She was at 19 years old, and was already dreading the day she'd be sent to the adult prison, but she didn't expect it to be anytime soon.

Roxanne, along with a whole bunch of other girls, were in the process of being transferred. The juvenile detention center considered them to be adults, so they had to be restrained as so; the transferring prisoners were all strapped down to their beds as a safety precaution. The discomfort she felt was from the tough restraints and the coldness. She couldn't curl up, and they weren't given blankets. Roxanne imagined that she wasn't the only uncomfortable one, and the sounds of the other girls whimpering and sobbing confirmed that.

After a while, her body finally gave in. She'd rather much sleep in discomfort than not sleep at all. Tomorrow was a big day for Roxanne. She had always kept to herself. Nobody in the detention center really bothered her (although she had only made one friend who was also transferring), but she was scared that it would be different in the adult system. She closed her eyes, and drifted off.

A couple of hours or so later

Roxanne slowly woke up to a voice. She felt weird.

I feel sick....

"Please, can you please let me out!"

Roxanne heard the voice of one of the other prisoners. Naturally, she tried to sit up as a result of being awoken, but the restraints pushed her back down. The jolt went through her body, and intensified at her abdomen region. That was when she realized that she needed to pee. She had drank a lot of water, as usual, during dinner, but she didn't use the bathroom earlier on because her mind was preoccupied in thinking of the transfer.

The sudden need quickly woke her up and she was totally conscious of her surroundings. Roxanne felt her bladder start screaming for relief.

"Please, I really need to go to the bathroom!!" pleaded the girl from the other cell. Roxanne couldn't see her, but was sure that she was probably in the cell next to hers, based on the clarity of her voice. She also heard the squeaking of the metal bed frame from the other cell, which let her assume that the girl was squirming and fighting her restrains as best as she could. She also noticed that some girls were still whimpering and crying in the background.

A door was opened somewhere, and a guard walked into the hallway with a flashlight. The light from the opened door provided some light. She could see the girl, since the cells were separated by metal bars. She was a redhead with glasses, and she looked familiar. From what Roxanne could remember, she had an athletic build. She was wearing a tank top, which showed off her tattoo-covered arms.

The guard stood in front of her cell, and started screaming. Roxanne could see that the girl froze in fear once she was being yelled at.

"It's 2 in the morning, no talking!"

"But please, I need the bath-"

"I said no talking, you are expected to keep quiet or you will be punished!"

"No, come on, do-"

"I heard you already, and the answer is no!"

The girl did not respond to that statement.

"You are considered an adult, and you are expected to maintain your bodily needs like one!"

"I'm.......begging.....y-"

"If you continue to be disruptive, you will be gagged for the night, so I highly recommend shutting the hell up!"

Another girl spoke up from another cell

"Come on, you have us tied down, it's not fair, I need to go too!"

"You can't do this to us!"

A few other girls also started to protest. It was obvious that neither the redhead nor Roxanne were the only ones bursting for the toilet. Roxanne considered speaking out as well, but decided to keep quiet, hoping that the huge demand would allow her to get a bathroom

The guard shouted again

"Next one to open their mouth will be forced to relieve themselves where they are!"

The entire hallway went silent. They understood what the guard meant. None of them were willing to go through the humiliation of being forced to wet themselves. Roxanne wondered how would they even be forced to go.

"No means no, you should have gone before being taken here, as you all knew that you would have been strapped down and that there are no toilets in any of these cells, so quit asking for it, you won't get it, you can only hope to hold it long enough"

The silence was broken by the distant sobs of another girl

"And you'll be taken out of here at 8 am, which is 6 hours, and the ride to the jail is an hour or so, and booking takes at least a couple of hours before they assign you to a cell. Once you are at your cell, which I estimate to be sometime near noon, you may use the toilet. Good luck holding it!"

With that, the guard walked out, slamming the door behind him. Soon after, the room erupted in whimpers. Roxanne found herself squirming in desperation. She groaned, as her bladder was furiously demanding relief. It didn't help that she heard the sound of hissing followed by liquid hitting the floor, followed by the panicked cries of a girl that was probably across from her.

Roxanne felt herself trying to at least apply some pressure to her crotch area. Her legs were strapped down at the ankles, knees and midway up her thigh, and they were positioned spread a little from each other.

"Please, I'm begging you, I can't hold it!!" shouted out the redhead. A few minutes passed by, and another hissing noise was heard, as well as the groaning of whoever wet herself. The door opened, and a female guard came inside. Roxanne was a bit hopeful, the guard was a female, so she would understand how it feels.

"Oh, oh, please!!!" pleaded the redhead as the female guard opened up her cell. However, instead of hearing her restraints being removed, Roxanne heard a weird ripping noise.

"W-what is th-", the redhead didn't get to finish talking, as the guard shut her mouth with tape. The redhead tried to scream through the tape, pleaded and crying through it, but the guard was already locking up her cell, and she closed the door, leaving the prisoners in the dark. The redhead sobbed for the next 15 minutes

Roxanne knew she was going to wet herself. She was going to have to go through the humiliation of wetting her uniform, and then the discomfort of having to wear her soiled clothes until they dried or until she was given dry clothes. She took a deep breath in.

C'mon Roxy, you can hold it, don't give up now, you can do it

Roxanne remembered that it wasn't too long ago that she had wet herself. She was cornered by the police after they caught her breaking into her fifth ATM. Her two friends abandoned her once she was cornered, so she panicked. She remembered how it felt. An officer pointed a gun at her, and told her to place her hands above her head. She quickly felt a growing warmth go up her panties and down her legs, and saw the growing dark streaks of wetness trail down her jeans as the officers approached her. They pushed her down into the grass, and continued relieving herself, with the warmth saturating the front of her jeans and tummy area. Once they booked her into the county jail, she cried herself to sleep, ignoring the mean comments from the other prisoners laughing at the then 17-year old soaked criminal.

That was two years ago, but the warm feeling was happening now. Roxanne squeaked as she realized she started peeing without noticing. She pushed to stop the stream. Luckily, she felt that she had only wet her underwear. Now it would be harder to hold it in, with her wet panties making her uncomfortable and her bladder which was more insistent than ever

Roxanne couldn't help but feel bad once the redhead started wailing through her tape, and then hearing the hissing noise of the redhead peeing her pants. The hissing lasted a while, so she could tell that the redhead really needed to go, and that now she was completely soaked.

"D...don't cry....." she said softly, but not loud enough for her to hear. Roxanne wanted to comfort her, for some reason. She understood how it felt to be like that, and she knew that she was the first one to (kind of) stand up for the others. The whole situation though was unfair. What harm was there to letting the prisoners use a toilet?

Roxanne began to whimper in desperation. She felt small dribbles every now and then. The rest of the sobbing and whimpering settled down, now that most of the girls had already relieved themselves and were too tired and embarrassed to continue making noise. Nobody cared to speak, despite the earlier protests. The scent of urine began to collect up a little, as well as another scent that implied that some girls also needed to do more than just pee.

Another dribble. By now, Roxanne knew that her butt and panties were soaked. The gradual puddle reached her arms. Roxanne lost all willpower to hold it. She was already wet and defeated, so there was little point in maintaining her remaining dignity.

Roxanne couldn't handle it. She closed her eyes tight, bit her lip, and let go. The pressure was enough to make some pee jet up, also slightly soaking the front of her pants. The puddle grew, soaking the bottom half of her tank top, and reaching the restraints at her knees. She felt tears of relief and humiliation roll down her cheeks.

There she was, a 19 year old who was forced to wet her pants in bed. There was nothing she could do though. She couldn't get up, she couldn't at least take her pants off. And now, she can't change herself or inspect the damage. She could only breathe deeply, and hold back her sobs.

After a while, her thighs and butt began to feel sticky. The wet fabric clung to her skin, and her wet panties started to ride up her butt. Roxanne shut herself from the rest of the world, and submitted to her shame and discomfort, like the rest. She was defeated, and now a prisoner of her accident. She closed her eyes, and started to drift off. Her energy was wasted, and now she could only hope that her pants would be at least damp by the time she woke up, if not dry. Tomorrow was going to be a long day.

