Poor her - Page 2

Author: largebio

*026*2018-07-30 05:32

Thanks all for the positive feedback. Here goes another chapter.

A couple hours later the girls return to the pond, having packed enough food and drinks to last the night as well as a sleeping bag each, but no tent so they can fully apreciate the starry sky.

The girls eat some, drink some, and go for a nighttime skinny dip. And then they talk for a little while, before falling asleep from total exhaustion.

Anna is the first to wake up, having to pee. As if she were lying in bed, she lets it all out, soaking her sleeping bag, and covering herself in pee from her lower back to her knees. It feels so good, she can’t help but touch herself and soon the fifteen year old has to bite her lips to prevent her from moaning too loud while having a huge orgasm.

In the sleeping bag next to her Laura has been pretending to be asleep. But she actually has been secretely watching her cousin. “Enjoying yourself, cous?”, she asks watching Anna climaxing.

“S..sorry I di...didn’t know you were awake”, Anna stammers, still recovering from her orgasm.

“Don’t worry. I think peeing yourself feels great too. Now if you’ll excuse me”, Laura says, as a trickle off pee starts flowing from her pussy. Immideately, her hand goes down to her clit, and even before she well and truly finishes peeing, she cums. She can’t stop some moans from escaping her mouth, but luckily for her, Natalia just sleeps right through it.

Speaking about Natalia, she wakes up the next morning none the wiser about the fun Anna and Laura had. But with a bladder so full, it’s bulging from her flat belly.

She crawls out of her sleeping bag, one hand covering her pussy. She steps away from her sleeping back and squats.

“Congratulations sis”, Laura giggles. “First time you pee in front of us”, she continues, pointing at Anna and herself.

“Second time”, Natalia corrects her. “First time was a couple days back here at the pond, when we all peed before leaving. But that’s when I swore to myself I’d never do that again. But now.... I think I might start to lose my inhibitions”.

“Good to know”, Anna whispers to Laura, who just smiles and nodds.

TO BE CONTINUED

*029*2018-07-30 06:34

{{3 minutes ago, Manowar said:

Another great chapter. Thanks and keep going...

}}

{{2 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Hat a excellent chapter

}}

Thanks very much

*032*2018-07-30 20:07

After breakfast, Anna makes a suggestion: ”let’s head to the treehouse and - since Natalia has started to lose her inhibitions - have a pee holding contest. Whoever pees first loses”.

Laura happily agrees, and under some pressure so does Natalia.

“But to make it fair, we can all empty our bladders now”, Laura says already feeling a minor urge.

So she and Anna pee, each producing quite a lot. And even though she went under an hour ago, even Natalia produces a short trickle.

“Can we do it clothed, to make it more interesting?”, Anna asks.

“Sure thing”, Laura says.

Still not 100% into it all, Natalia just follows her sister’s and cousin’s lead.

On the way over to the treehouse, the girls set the rules: each has to finish a bottle of water every hour, and you lose if you fully lose control. Both the loser and runner up have to wear their wet clothes until breakfast the next morning.

After two hours, all three girls are fine. No obvious signs of needing to pee are visible.

Over the next hour, Natalia feels her bladder filling, nothing desperate yet, but she hopes she isn’t the first girl feeling this.

But another hour later she is the first to squirm, much to her sister’s delight. Meanwhile, Laura and Anna still seam to be fine.

Upon finishing another bottle of water, Natalia is now unable to sit still. She is constantly crossing and uncrossing her legs and tapping her feet.

“Looks like you’re on the losing side of things”, Laura says teasing her older sister.

Almost at the same time, Anna is the second girl to start squirming, followed by Laura a couple of minutes later.

While opening a new bottle, Natalia leaks a bit. Grabbing herself quickly, she manages to control it, but her white shorts have a coin-sized wet spot on them.

“Is that wetness I see?”, Anna asks.

“Only a little. I got it back under control, so I’m still in the competition”, Natalia answers.

She continues by slowly sipping water from her bottle, trying to drink as little as possible within the rules. But for each drop entering her mouth, one exits her tired pussy.

In a matter of ten minutes the wetness has spread down her butt, wetting the woodwork where she’s seated. And if it weren’t for her right hand buried in her crotch, Anna and Natalia would have an excellent view on her pink knickers, visible through her now transluscent shorts.

Minutes later, the drops turn into a slow but steady trickle, Natalia is now fully losing control. Defeated, she removes her hand from her crotch, further increasing the flow rate.

“Guess you’ll be wearing wet clothes for a long time”, Laura says with a smug smile on her face.

An hour and a half later, the competition starts nearing it’s end. Both Anna and Laura can’t sit still anymore, and Anna’s left hand is firmly pressing her crotch. In the meantime, Natalia has managed to lose control again, rewetting her pants.

Five minutes later Natalia’s muscles - completely worn down - give out again, creating a twenty second hiss. This proves to be too much to handle for Anna, as she leaks quite badly.

She manages to stem the flow, but small spurts keep escaping. Her black knickers and blue shorts are already drenched when she finally loses control, pissing herself for nearly a minute and a halve.

“Guess you can go pee now”, Anna tells Laura, defeated.

“I’m gonna try and last as long as I can. I’m still completely dry”, Laura says proudly, proving it by showing her light blue knickers from under her green sweatshorts.

But that changes soon after she opens what turns out to be her final bottle of water. Her right hand firmly grabbing her pussy, she feels herself dribbling ever so slightly. But the dribbles keep getting larger and harder to stop and eventually, she too wets her pants.

She pees for a solid two minutes. Her sister compliments her for having a massive bladder and out of empathy, Laura decides to keep wearing her wet clothes like her sister and cousin.

The girls spend the rest of the afternoon and evening chatting, eating, and drinking. Also, they drag their sleeping bags up to the treehouse, so they can spend the night there.

TO BE CONTINUED

*034*2018-07-31 05:55

Having rewet themselves numerous times over the afternoon and evening all three girls crawl into their sleeping bags with drenched and smelly knickers and shorts.

Laura is the first to wake up with a need to pee. She adds to the wetness, so much it now also covers her lower back and belly.

Then Natalia wakes up, her bladder full and her muscles still weakened. She wants to crawl out of her sleeping back, but then remembers she’s in the treehouse.

“I’m not gonna climb all the way down”, she thinks. “Fuck it then”, and she slowly releases her pee.

She stops and hesitates for a second when she feels it wetting her top, but knowing it’s too late she let’s it all out.

Then it’s Laura’s turn to wake up again, adding more wetness to her clothes and sleeping bag.

In the morning, Anna wakes up, with tell tale signs of having had an accident (or maybe accidents) in her sleep. Her bladder, though, is far from empty and she realeases another strong flow.

Then it’s time to return to the guesthouse for breakfast, followed by showers.

It’s the last day Laura and Natalia are visiting. Tomorrow, they’ll take a TGV to southern France, where their parents are camping on one of those luxurious French campings.

Luckily for them, the guesthouse is equipped with a washer and dryer, so the girls can clean their wet clothes without anyone finding out.

“I’m gonna miss you girls”, Anna says with a sad voice.

“Hey, I got a plan” Natalia says. “Why don’t we ask our parents if you can come too”.

Of course Anna happily agrees and after some begging, Natalia manages to convince her parents to let Anna come too.

“Just one thing”, Laura says, “we’re gonna be spending hours and hours on the beach. And you can’t be lying there with a bush hanging out your bikini. Let me teach you how to shave”.

Anna agrees and Laura grabs a razor and shaving cream and the girls move into the shower.

“I got you a train ticket”, Natalia says.

“Awesome, thank you!”, Anna replies.

“It’s even right across the aisle from us, what luck”, Natalia further adds.

Not much later Anna re-emerges from the shower, not a hair covering her tight snatch. She thanks Laura and the three girls continue doing the laundry and watch some tv before going into the chateau for a goodbye dinner.

TO BE CONTINUED

*037*2018-07-31 14:26

Just a short chapter. But more is yet to come.

Having spend most of the last week in either wet clothes, or nothing at all - as they did today - it feels somewhat strange to be wearing clothes normally to dinner.

The girls have a great dinner and Laura and Natalia thank their aunt and uncle. They, in turn thank the sisters for taking their daughter along on holiday.

The girls go to sleep early as they have a train to catch the next morning.

At 6 in the morning the alarm goes off.

“Time to wake up”, Anna says, with a full bladder. “And time to pee”, she continues, while she starts wetting her bed.

Laura is quick to follow her lead and she too empties her bladder onto the bed.

“Last chance sis”, she says as she releases her final drops. “You wanna belong to the pissing gang?”

Natalia hesitates, but then tries to let her pee flow.

“Great decision sis”, Laura says. “Just try to relax, our first time was hard too”.

Anna nodds in agreement.

Minutes later, Natalia finally manages to let bit after bit out, and suddenly, she starts peeing full force.

She can’t believe she’s actually wetting a proper bed. Yes, she did pee her sleeping back yesterday, but this feels completely different.

“Welcome to the pissing club”, Anna jokes, causing all three of them to giggle.

The girls then take a shower and eat breakfast before being driven to the TGV station.

TO BE CONTINUED

*040*2018-07-31 20:37

The train ride goes by smoothly and dry, and the sister’s parents stand ready and waiting at the station.

At the camping, the parents show the girls the spot, and the girls are delighted to see they got their own tent outside the parents’ caravan.

“This is perfect for some wet fun”, Anna whispers to Laura.

“Definitely”, Laura confirms.

The girls proceed to set up their tent, and by the time they’re done it’s dinner time.

After dinner the girls decide to walk around exploring the camping.

“I need to pee”, Anna says after a while.

“There’s bathrooms all around here”, Laura says.

“Too boring and normal”, Anna giggles.

“Okay, so what are you up to?”, Natalia asks.

“Find a quiet area and squat”, Anna says, with a cheeky smile on her face.

The girls find a row of trees at the edge of the camping and Anna quickly pulls her shorts and knickers down. She pops a squat and pees.

Just then two young boys appear out of nowhere, and stare at the pissing girl in awe.

Seemingly untouched, Anna just continues emptying her bladder: “you think they like the show?”, she jokes.

“Looks like they are”, Laura says bursting into laughter.

Afterwards the girls head back to their tent, they play some cards with the sister’s parents and then head to bed.

During the night, all three girls wake up to wet their sleeping bags, as they can’t be bothered to walk all the way to the restrooms.

“Hope mom and dad won’t find out”, Natalia thinks to herself.

TO BE CONTINUED

*044*2018-08-01 06:18

The next day, the parents leave early to visit some market in an old town and they won’t be back until after dinner.

The girls put their bikinis on and head to the beach.

Laura is the first to need to pee. She moves over a bit, so that she’s sitting on the sand rather than her towel and within seconds, the sand below her darkens.

“I guess you just peed yourself”, Anna says, pointing to the wetness.

“Yeah, I really had to go, so... and everyone pees her bikini, right?”.

An hour later, Natalia without any form of embarassment, starts wetting her bikini too.

Anna needs to pee to and soon there is another dark spot on the sand.

The girls head to the water to rinse off and then head back to their tent for lunch.

After lunch, the girls get aquainted with the neighbour kids. Emma, is the eldest at 17, she has light brown hair, b-cup breasts and a pretty face. She’s wearing a striped bikini. Ellen is 14, she has a developping a-cup, blond hair but isn’t as pretty as her sister. She’s chosen a green bikini top, with orange bottoms.

Ellen invites them over for a game of monopoly and soon the five of them start playing.

After a couple of hours, Emma is on the winning hand, but also constantly shifting position.

“Need to pee?”, Ellen asks.

“No! Just excited I’m winning”, Emma lies, needing to pee quite badly.

Half an hour later, with the game now more in a stalemate, she finally admits to needing to pee.

“But I now for a fact that my little sister here is gonna cheat the second I leave”, she says with a judgemental look on her face.

“No I won’t”, Ellen says.

“Oh yes. You will”.

“Then why don’t you just wet your bikini? You must have done it before”, Anna says trying to think of a solution.

“In the water yeah. In the sand yeah. But not sitting on a chair within reach of a bathroom. I’ll hold it until the game’s over”, Emma says.

But fifteen minutes later, mother nature decides differently. Emma dribbles into her bikini, barely able to stop it. She decides Anna was right and slowly let’s go off her pee.

Feeling disgusted, she feels the wetness spreading around her but, and her pee pooling in her white plastic chair. It soon overflows, creating a splattering sound informing the others what’s going on.

“Haha. My big sister can’t even hold her pee”, Ellen laughs.

“Don’t worry about her”, Laura says, “bet you feel relieved now”.

Emma nodds and rolls the dice.

Another hour later, it’s Emma who finally manages to win the game. Immideately, Ellen gets up.

“Gotta pee”, she says, “ but unlike my sister I can hold it till I get to a loo”.

She races to the nearest bathroom, only to find a line of five young girls in front of the only female toilet. She had been hiding her desperation quite well up till now, but being so close to a toilet, she’s doing a full pee-pee dance. Slowly the next girl enters the stall.

“Please hurry”, Ellen thinks to herself.

Back at the tent, the others are clearing the table, as a splattering sound fills the air.

“Anna, are you wetting yourself?”, Emma asks surprised.

“As I said, I think peeing your bikini is perfectly normal”, she answers.

“I agree”, Laura says while creating her own waterfall.

“And you Natalia? What about you?”, Emma asks.

Natalia doesn’t say a word but just points down to her crotch. A wet spot appears as she too is peeing.

“So you don’t think I’m a loser for having wet myself?”, Emma asks.

“No! Not at all”, the three girls answer.

Just then Ellen shows up. Her face is bright red and tears are rolling down her cheeck. Her bikini is darker around her crotch and butt and her legs are glistening.

“I thought you could hold it till you got to a loo”, Emma says.

Ellen almost starts crying again. “Th.. there was a li...line. And then I j...just cou...couldn’t stop it from co...coming out”, she manages to say.

“But don’t worry. Now all five of us got wet bikinis”, Emma says.

“All five? You mean you had accidents too?”

“No, we just couldn’t be bothered to get up”, Laura says showing her wet bikini.

“Ewwwl. That’s gross”, Ellen says, not even slightly feeling better about her accident now.

TO BE CONTINUED

*047*2018-08-01 14:28

Natalia offers to cook for the five of them, and she goes out to the camping shop to get some groceries. She returns with pasta, tomatoes, courgette, olives and bread and cooks a wonderful dinner.

Afterwards, the parents of both Emma and Ellen, and Laura and Natalia return.

The girls split their way.

“See you tomorrow?”, Ellen asks.

“Sure thing!” Anna replies.

“Poor Ellen. I really feel for her”, Natalia says.

“Me too”, Anna adds, “but thank god Laura taught me how to shave my pussy. Or I’d be walking around like her, with her bush coming out of her bikini”.

“Haha. You’re welcome”, Laura laughs. “I noticed it too”.

After catching up with the parents, Anna, Laura and Natalia head to their tent and fall asleep.

The next morning, all three wake up with full bladders and quickly empty them in their sleeping bags.

After breakfast they meet up with Emma and Ellen and take off to the beach.

“Bye mom and dad”, Laura waves.

At the beach, the girls find a spot to put their towels and lay down.

“I got some tanlines yesterday, and I hate those, so if you don’t mind, I’m going topless”, Laura says.

None of the others mind and thus she takes off her top, showing her beautiful and large breasts to everyone on the beach. The other four elect to keep their boobs hidden from view.

Nearly every guy walking by can’t help but look at Laura’s body. But she isn’t annoyed by it, in fact she likes the prying eyes, and -moreover - she’s definitely not the only topless girl on the beach. They’re in France after all.

After a while Ellen gets up. “I’m going to the water. I need to pee”.

Laura, Natalia and Emma join her, while Anna stays behind to watch their stuff, or so she claims.

“I’m absolutely sure Anna’s gonna pee herself now”, Natalia whispers to her sister while wading into the sea.

Indeed, Anna has already rolled of her towel onto the sand. Laying on her belly, she lets go of her bladder’s contents.

The other four girls do the same, in the water and after a few minutes - to make it look like they didn’t go in just to pee - they return.

“See, Anna’s bikini’s wet too”, Natalia says to Laura while pointing at Anna’s crotch. “You peed right here, didn’t you?”, she then asks Anna.

“If I pee in a dry bikini, it tickles my clit more”, Anna says.

Thinking back to yesterday evening, Natalia realises her cousin is right. She didn’t feel anything just down, but she definitely did yesterday.

A couple hours later, Laura puts her top back on and the girls head back to their tents. On their way over they spot an ad for a beach party tonight.

“Let’s go there”, Natalia suggests.

“It’s with alcohol. And since the drinking age is 16, me and Ellen won’t be allowed in”, Anna says.

“Don’t worry about that. I’ve smuggled people into parties many times”, Natalia says. “Plus, you’re old enough to decide whether you wanna drink alcohol or not”.

As the girls arrive at their tents, Laura and Natalia’s mom waves them over.

“I need to talk to both of you”, she says.

The sisters sit down at the table while Anna silently retreats to the tent. She finds it all messed up and realises what the talk is about.

“I was looking for something in your tent this morning, and I smelled urine”, the mom says.

The sisters instantly turn bright red.

“And then I found all three sleeping bags were wet. Now I know about your cousin’s bedwetting issues, as my sister was nice enough to inform me. But you... what happened?”

The sisters briefly look at each other and then decide to come clean.

“You know, the bathroom is two minutes away from here. And we couldn’t be bothered to get out of bed, walk all the way over there and wait in line”, Natalia says.

“So we figured to just go in our sleeping bags”, Laura adds.

Their mom reacts furiously. “I didn’t raise you like this. You are two grown up women, fully capable of using a toilet”.

“We’re sorry mom”, the girls say, still bright red.

“Don’t be. It’s your own problem. You can go clean your sleeping bags yourself now”.

The girls retreat to their tent. “You were gonna clean them all anyway. Since you lost the competition, you have to. So if you wait until our last day here, it’ll be all fine”, Anna says. “And we can just continue peeing them”.

“I sure hope so”, Natalia says.

TO BE CONTINUED

*049*2018-08-01 20:55

At around 9 o’clock, the girls make their way to the beach party.

“You need to get a wristband to get access”, Anna concludes.

“But it doesn’t look like they’re checking IDs”, Natalia says. “I got a plan. Ellen goes first, followed by Anna. Then I go, followed by Emma and Laura. If either of the youngsters get’s refused, Emma and Laura create a distraction so that I can steal some extra wristbands”.

But the crew is indeed not checking ID cards, and all five get a wristband without any trouble.

“Damn. I would have loved to try out my plan”, Natalia jokes. “But good thing we’re all allowed in”.

“Absolutely”, Laura says. “Now let’s go get some drinks”.

Laura goes to fetch five beers.

“You want one too?”, she asks Anna.

“Hell yeah, it’s not like I haven’t drunk it before”, Anna answers as she picks one of the cups.

“How about you?”, Laura then asks Ellen.

“I have never had alcohol before. But there’s a first time for everything. And what better time to try it than on a beach party on summer holliday. So yeah, I’ll try one”, she says reaching for a cup.

She seems to like it as she quickly downs her cup.

“Not too fast, sis. Or you’ll be throwing up before midnight”, Emma says, protective of her sister.

Ellen takes in the advice and downs her next cup more slowly.

After a couple hours - and some more beers - the girls all need to pee. And they’re not alone. There are some guys whipping it out near the water line, others near a tree. Girls are squatting with their shorts and/or bikini bottoms around their ankles or dresses and skirts.

The girls also move towards the trees, but they only give limited shelter. Luckily, the darkness does a better job of hiding their private parts. Anna, Laura and Natalia quickly pee. But pee shy Emma and Ellen need some extra time.

Rather quickly they return to the bar for more beer. Over the next couple hours, the girls dance and drink. And all five - especially Laura and Anna, the prettiest of the five - get chatted up by some guys.

For Ellen it’s the first ever party of this type, but not really knowing how to handle a boy’s interest, they lose interest in her.

Emma is more experienced, but isn’t interested in any of the guys that approach her.

The same goes for Natalia and Laura. The latter - being the most attractive - has to disappoint a lot of young men.

But Anna meets a guy worthy of her attention. There’s one problem though, all the alcohol has made her need to pee again.

By now the other four have already had a chance to relieve themselves, but Anna’s bladder is reaching it’s limit.

Not wanting to leave his side, she decides to pee right there. As she’s wearing a short, white summer dress and a black bikini, she figures she can do it discretely enough so the guy doesn’t notice.

She puts her legs together, so that the pee will run down them rather than splashing directly to the ground. She relaxes and lets her urine flow freely. Her hissing is overpowered by the loud music, but she didn’t think one thing through.

The sand below her starts getting darker and the guy notices. He gazes up from the sand to her crotch, seeing her pee glistening as it runs down her legs.

“Ewwwl. Are you peeing yourself? Gross”, he says as he takes off.

At first Anna is disappointed, but then she comes up with a motto: “If he doesn’t like me and my pee, he’s not worthy of me”, she thinks to herself.

She then heads back to the other four girls, dancing in the sand.

Just as she greets them, the music stops playing and an announcement is made: “girls get ready to show off your body in our bikini contest”.

Not shying away from some male attention, Anna and Laura quickly decide to join in. And - driven by their blood alcohol level - Natalia and Emma decide to join too. Ellen hesitates, she’s not very willing to show her developping body off. But a combination of being more than tipsy and not wanting to be the odd one out, she decides to join in as well.

Out of the five, Natalia goes first, recieving quite some chears, but unfortunately for her the girl before her had massive boobs. So she doesn’t get the reception she’d hoped for. Slightly disappointed, she leaves the stage.

Then it’s Ellen’s turn. Her small a-cup and barely develloped butt hardly recieve any appreciation from the crowd. Just as she expected, but feeling indifferent about it anyway.

Then it’s Anna’s turn. Her pretty face and well shaped boobs and butt generate quite some chears. Happy with the crowd loving her, she leaves the stage smiling.

Emma recieves less applause, more than her sister though and comparable to Natalia.

Laura is last to go. Her stunning body recieves the most positive reaction of the five of them. But still, she decides to up the ante a bit more. She reaches to her back, ondoing the strings of her bikini top. She then pulls it over her head, showing her bare boobs to the crowd. The guys go absolutely insane and she wins the competition by a landslide.

The price? A dozen flugel shots!

TO BE CONTINUED

