A Day In A National Geographic Crew

Author: fullbladder

*000*2015-02-20 09:54

Hi everyone! It's been a while -sorry! I've been very busy with work and life, but here is a loooooong one for you all! It's probably not for everybody since it requires patience to read through, but hopefully its someone's cup of tea.

Vernie was a history major at the University of Maine. She was fascinated by different cultures, especially those developed over several centuries. Though she loved her student life, her true passion was travelling and exploring the world. After two years of applying, she had finally been selected for the Discover The Planet co-op program sponsored by National Geographic where a University student got a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to shadow a professional photographer and historian team through a project.

This year, National Geographic would be visiting Brazil to do a piece on the Guarani tribe. Though it was the largest tribe in the area, it had lost most of its land to local farmers. Vernie had been warned that the population was trying to cling on to its traditional lifestyle and went to violent measures when threatened. It was an especially sensitive time, with a lengthy drought torturing Central Brazil and water reserves running undoubtedly low. She was nervous but excited for the adventure, travelling with two middle-aged Caucasian women. Jane, the camera-woman, was a tall, slender blonde who had a very patient demeanor as expected with her profession. Alicia, a brunette, was shorter and curvier who was quite chatty and excitable. She and Vernie became friends immediately, discussing global cultures through the entire flight. Alicia was quite the story-teller and Vernie soaked up every detail; the ten-hour flight ended up feeling like thirty minutes.

The flight attendant warned that the washrooms would be closed soon, as preparation for landing. Vernie suddenly realized the fullness of her bladder and got up to use the facilities. She hadn't peed since that afternoon at the airport, just prior to boarding the plane. Luckily, there wasn't much of a wait for the plane's sole toilet and she was able to enter the tiny cubicle well before the "Please Remain Seated" sign lightened up. After peeing, she took the opportunity to inspect herself in the mirror while washing her hands. Her jet black hair was puffed up in a few areas so she took the opportunity to flatten out the issue with her hand. She looked very much like a typical average-height, glasses-wearing, nerdy Asian girl, but her hard work at the gym and vibrant personality attracted plenty of attention from boys. It also didn't hurt that she was a bit curvier than the average Asian, especially in the ass department due to her dedication to doing squats regularly.

As she returned to her seat, she realized that Alicia, seated beside her, hadn't visited the toilet at all. She asked her about it and got an amused smile in return. "I've had plenty of practice with holding it after twelve years on the job." Vernie wondered about that statement for a moment before diverting her attention to the window beside Alicia. Even with darkness outside, it was clear that the plane had started its descent.

Thankfully, the customs didn't give the girls too much trouble and there was an abundance of cabs waiting to take them to their hotel. Alicia and Jane were used to bunking together so they took one of the beds, leaving Vernie alone in the other. They were all exhausted from the flight and travel continued in a short six hours, so it was straight to bed after a quick trip to the washroom.

They finally reached their destination around noon the next day after a long, crowded bus ride on bumpy terrain. There was still an hour walk to get to the tribal region with nothing for miles so they visited a small cafe for lunch and coffee after exiting the bus. Alicia made sure they all visited the ladies, stressing that there would be no toilets available for the foreseeable future. Vernie found this to be an interesting contrast to her attitude the night before. She wasn't too worried- she was a naturally large bladdered gal who had put off going to the washroom many times while studying in the library with an extra-large coffee. It was always just a little bit tougher to concentrate with a full bladder but it sure beat packing up study materials to visit the ladies and then unpacking again five minutes later. A few of her friends had fallen victim to library thieves by leaving their materials unguarded while they peed and there was no way she was ever taking that risk.

Since Alicia spoke fluent Portugese, she led the way towards the Indian Reserve. It was a tough trek, with large, heavy backpacks containing camping gear, food, water, and filming equipment, so they made sure to sip water as they walked to stay hydrated. There was no telling exactly when they would have their first encounter with the natives with the population occupying a vast area for living, hunting, farming, etc. It didn't take long. After a half-hour of walking, the women encountered a group of young kids playing tag. They immediately stopped and stared at the visitors for a brief moment before running in the direction of the village, presumably to inform their elders. Vernie looked over at her companions nervously, but they seemed unconcerned as they continued walking. They had undoubtedly been in these situations before.

When they got to the old village with small residential structures made of wood and straw, it was clear that they were expected. The adults had formed a massive semi-circle around the entrance to the living area- the men at the front, women and children at the back. They were dressed in hand-made leather clothing, sporting a mixture of traditional and modern weapons- spears, rifles, knives. An older man with white hair, the Chief, stood unarmed at the front to welcome the girls.

Alicia engaged in conversation with him and presented a gift, a large package of dried meats, fruits, and nuts. The man smiled and gestured for them to join him for tea. Immediately, the environment lightened up and the tribe erupted in excited chatter. Children rushed ahead to get a better look at the newcomers. Alicia continued the conversation with the man and his wife at the humble wooden dining table as their daughter made tea. Vernie could tell that it was a negotiation and the Chief was not all too pleased at the prospect of being photographed. Finally, his wife spoke up and he seemed to consider the possibility. He excused himself and her to discuss the matter in private, then returned with a proposal.

Alicia listened attentively, but visibly frowned as the man finished. She opened her mouth to counter the proposal, but derived that it was likely the only possibility from the man's facial expression. Reluctantly, she turned to Vernie and Jane to deliver the news. Vernie could tell she was having some difficulty in deciding just where to start.

"Chief Kaka says that global publicity could help his tribe's cause since land is constantly being taken away from them by the Brazilian Government and it's making life more difficult every year. He appreciates that we have come here to visit and presented a gift to the village. However, it will be tough for outsiders to earn the trust of the tribe, given all they have been through."

She hesitated. Jane pushed her to continue. "And?"

"Well the immediate concern is the drought. The tribe's reserves will run out in a few days then their only option will be to steal from the city, which will undoubtedly give the government a valid reason to clear out the village completely. With no access to the river anymore, they rely on rainwater for drinking, bathing, and farming. Everyone is very worried, so they want help with getting water."

Vernie raised an eyebrow. "They want US to help them negotiate with the government?"

"Not exactly."

"Help them steal water then?"

"No. Actually they believe in sacrifice to the Gods to request rain."

Jane let out a yelp. The Chief looked over at her and frowned.

Alicia quickly continued, realizing the idea sounded much worse than it actually was. "It's basically just a ceremony where we lead the way to earn the trust of the tribe."

"What do we have to do?"

Alicia blushed and continued. "Well, they have a ritual where youthful women give their... urine to the Gods in the hopes of getting rainfall in return."

Jane and Vernie mused in silence for a long minute before finally nodding to each other in agreement. Jane spoke up. "Well, that seems fair enough, nothing too bad- I suppose we could all pee in a container or something and let them do what they want with it. So long as we get to do our project here."

Alicia hesitated again. "It's a little more than that. We need to be tied naked in clear view of the Gods... and everyone else... for three hours while the ceremony happens then we will pee at the end. I'm sorry-it's the only way they'll let us stay."

Jane let out an audible gasp and glanced in disgust at the Chief. Naked AND peeing in front of all the village's men, women, and children! Vernie twisted nervously- she had not expected this! She was terrified but dared not speak for the fear of being sent home. Hopefully, Alicia and Jane would decline this outrageous demand!

Alicia sensed the repulsion from her companions and spoke to the Chief again. He seemed set in his decision, shaking his head profusely at Alicia's counter-proposals. Finally, after five minutes of back and forth discussion, Alicia addressed Jane and Vernie again. "He says we may keep our panties on, but nothing else."

Jane nibbled her lip thoughtfully. "Well, it is an improvement on being naked..."

Vernie was still frightened at having to go through the ceremony, but realized there may not be a back-up plan to this project which would probably leave her with nothing. "Is there no way we can leave our bras on?"

Alicia seemed surprised at her friends' willingness to consider the idea and turned to the Chief who once again shook his head and replied with a definitive tone.

"He says the panties are already a huge compromise- usually a crotch cover is only permitted for married women who are selected for the ritual. It must be done naked so nothing is hidden from the Gods except for the intimates reserved for the men."

"Are you okay with this?" Jane asked Alicia.

"I'd be willing to go through with it if you girls are." Alicia, a secret exhibitionist who posted her nudes on public websites all the time, was getting excited at the prospect of being admired for three hours. There was something so sexy about being seen in all her glory by this tribe without being worried about nude photos haunting her later on. They didn't have cameras, phones, or internet- she could enjoy the ritual fully, without worries. If only her friends agreed...

Vernie was eager to push Jane over the edge. Losing this career opportunity was truly the worst case scenario! "I'm in too. It'll be over quick then we can go ahead with the project for the next four days."

Jane hesitated, still wanting no part in any of it. She would feel horrible if her friends had to leave with nothing just because of her reluctance to go along with the ritual. Poor Vernie might never get another chance to do something like this! She slowly nodded her head. "OK, I'll do it."

The girls were quickly escorted to a larger hut used for fermenting wine by a four-some of young giggling ladies. They were served wine to fill up their bladders and told stories by the native girls about past rituals. Alicia, already drunk, happily translated.

"These girls led the last ritual, two weeks ago. They are all still single, so they were stark naked. They see this as a great chance to get attention from the young men in the village and see who might be interested in being their husband one day."

Jane and Vernie giggled at the thought and the natives took it as an encouraging sign. They began removing the girls' clothing as Alicia got some more details from them.

Vernie stole a glance at Jane beside her as her bra was ripped off. She was in great shape for a mid 30's woman with defined abs and small perky breasts. Vernie felt a bit embarrassed about her chubbier, curvier frame despite her youth.

She got a chance to check out Alicia's gorgeous 40D breasts as she shared new details about the ritual with them. "You're supposed to try to hold your pee for three hours, but they always make you drink way too much to last that long. Don't worry about peeing early if you lose control. Shia here peed herself just one hour in and then twice more before the three hour mark finally came and everyone peed together. She wet her bed later that night too. She needs to find a man who doesn't mind pee accidents."

Vernie couldn't help but chuckle at the thought of waking up next to a man in a wet bed. How childish! Who could possibly appreciate his woman doing THAT? With the girls finally stripped down to their panties and very drunk, they were led outside to be presented to eager eyes who had never seen foreign nudity before. The sun was setting, but there was still enough light to admire the feminine curves from all angles. Jane covered her breasts as she followed the group in the rear, but Vernie was starting to enjoy the experience in her drunk state and walked confidently behind Alicia. Males and females, young and old, all pointed excitedly at the pretty women walking through. Some of the teenage boys grew erections upon sight of the scantily-clad beauties.

The men had built a mighty fire in the center of the village to make sure their guests felt comfortable during the cool night. Jane had been shivering during the short walk from the hut to the fire, but warmed up immediately. The heat felt incredible against her naked body. She could already feel a slight need to pee as the coffee, water, and wine was making its way into her bladder. She had always been the "precautionary-pee" type of girl. Her habit of drinking a generous amount of water throughout the day had its drawbacks, especially since she didn't have the largest bladder capacity. She looked down and blushed at her hazelnut brown full-cut panties. They would be getting wet soon- hopefully not TOO soon.

The singing and dancing started as the girls were led up some wooden stairs to a 7-foot high platform with five thick poles. Three muscular men wrapped rough ropes around the women and tied them securely to the middle poles. Vernie grew hot and horny at the feeling of the husky man tying her up and wished she could be cradled in his arms for just a moment before he walked off the platform. She wondered if there was visible wetness on her white bikini-style knickers.

One the women were tied in open view of the entire village, the young girls who had served them wine presented three coconuts to the excited crowd which cheered loudly. They stabbed each thick shell once with a knife to form a hole and raised it to the lips of each woman to drink. The coconut's volume surprised Alicia. She could feel her stomach filling rapidly as she gulped the water down. Some of the liquid dripped down her chin onto her voluptuous breasts. She felt sexually charged by the feeling of helplessness. She was being forced to drink a copious amount of liquid which would fill up her bladder and make her wet her cute little red thong in full captivity and sight of hundreds of people. She wished she could masturbate right where she stood.

Thirty minutes later, the women were served another coconut. Gosh, they were filling! Jane felt like she was going to burst from all the liquid in her tummy. She could feel her bladder filling and it had become more than a mild discomfort. Under normal circumstances, she would be looking for a toilet right now to relieve herself before the warning became an urge. She doubted that she would be able to hang on for even one hour with her bladder filling so rapidly.Down below her, the natives were singing and dancing happily, playing home-made musical instruments such as drums made from animal skin, flutes made from bone, rattles from wood and pebbles. She had been wanting to cross her legs for a while now but knew everyone was eagerly anticipating a sign of desperation from the women. She just didn't want to be the first to show weakness.

Ten more minutes passed and Jane had begun involuntarily bobbing, her breasts lightly bouncing in front of her. She saw a boy of about fifteen excitedly point her out to his mate beside him and laugh hysterically. Jane burned beet red and forced herself to stop shifting. Her bladder was filling at an alarming pace. She was at the point now where normally she would have gladly dropped whatever she was doing to relieve herself, but she was helplessly bound, almost naked, to an outdoor pole.

Alicia had been wondering where the villagers relieved themselves, with no toilets in the huts. With wine being downed by the gallon, she didn't have to wait long to find out. Desperate men and women started making their way to a couple of adjacent wooden outhouses (one male and one female) constructed above a massive ditch to pee. It wasn't long before a line-up formed in front of each outhouse and people started to just pee behind trees. The platform was quite a convenient lookout to spy on men and women alike relieving themselves. Alicia noticed Vernie straining her neck to catch a glimpse of the attractive man who had tied her to the pole. He was peeing a powerful torrent behind a tree to their left. Alicia wondered if there was a way to show the young student a fun time during the project. Having sexual relations with study subjects and co-workers was highly frowned upon by National Geographic, but she had definitely succumbed to temptation a few times.

Seeing people pee was absolute torture for Jane. She wished she also had the luxury of just letting go. The sight of squirming girls lined up for the outhouse made her cross her own legs. She could see the knowing eyes staring at her, but she didn't care. Her need was getting too urgent to bother with pretending not to need the toilet now.

The girls returned to the platform with bowls of wine. Jane not only felt desperate but also quite drunk. Everything seemed hazy now- the music, the giant fire, the people gawking at her just waiting for her to wet herself. She had half a mind to just relax her bladder and let her pee flow through her panties. It hardly mattered anyway- she would undoubtedly pee eventually and probably a few more times before the night was done. No, it was too early. She needed to make sure that it looked like a half-decent effort, so that the tribe wouldn't feel disrespected. If only Vernie or Alicia would pee first! That would permit her to release her flood without feeling so embarrassed! Everyone down there was going to be so excited at the first wetting. Unfortunately, she couldn't see any visible signs of desperation from her friends. She definitely had the smallest bladder of the three girls with her thin frame.

Vernie eyed her new crush as he seated himself on a tree stump after peeing. It was hard to see in the night but she had seen the outline of his fat cock in the moonlight as his heavy stream arced to the ground. He had looked up to see her watching and had flashed her a nice smile. She wanted nothing more than to have him inside her. Oh, how great it would be to have him rip off her peed panties once this was all over. She wondered if it would please him to see her pee or if it was just all a religious ceremony in his eyes.

It had be something more- it just had to. She was there on the platform available for his pleasure-practically naked. She was helpless, vulnerable as he had tied her to the post. She was going to pee in front of everyone- such a private and intimate need. It was beyond her control- she would helplessly perform an act which shouldn't be seen by the public. Just the fact that the pee originated from her most private region was humiliating enough. Her pussy tingled at the thought and she shifted her hips uncomfortably. Her bladder had started to send warnings to her brain.

Fifteen minutes later, the ceremony was nearly half over. Vernie and Alicia both had their legs crossed tightly and were bobbing on the spot. Jane was in rough shape, squirming constantly, pulling on her binds to no avail. How she wished that her hands were free to help her hold in her pee! Down below, things were getting rowdy with people drinking way past their limits. A young recently-married woman, too drunk to move from her cozy seat next to her husband, simply hiked her dress to pee at the fire in front of them. The husband laughed loudly while an older woman seated nearby gave her a look of disapproval. Jane almost lost control at the sight of the young lady relieving herself.

Even the teen servers were quite drunk. They were absolutely giddy at the sight of the women struggling to hold in their urine. They couldn't help make life even more difficult for them as they forced yet another bowl of wine upon them. The girl tending to Jane, Xia, was especially interested in seeing an accident soon. She ran her fingers lightly over Jane's body, tickling her between sips. Jane's squirming intensified as her urine threatened to exit her tortured body. She moaned, laughed, and cried all at once as she desperately struggled to hold on.

"PLEASE STOP! PLEASE!" she yelled with tears running down her face. She felt herself squirt and barely regained control. Xia immediately stopped tickling and knelt down to inspect the small wet spot on her panties. Impulsively, she licked it. Jane quivered helplessly at the feeling of the warm, wet tongue on her pussy. She just barely managed to hold on, glad that she had stopped at just one lick. She was so close to losing all control, on the verge of peeing all over the beautiful girl kneeling at her feet. She felt a powerful spasm coming on and violently twisted her hips trying not to succumb to her body's urgent demand.

Feeling sympathy for her prisoner, the girl stuck her hand into the wet crotch and pushed against Jane's pussy. It was immense relief for poor Jane, her wriggling easing immediately. "Oh, THANK you! That is so helpful! I almost peed myself there..."

However, the sexual temptation was too much for Xia to resist. She rose to her feet calmly, still gripping Jane's tortured womanhood. She shut her eyes and kissed her victim square on the lips, starting a slow, sensual massage of her pussy. She abruptly dropped the half-full bowl of wine and used the freed hand to massage the bare 28B breasts. Jane tried to resist, but her jaw seemed to unlock all on its own to welcome the invasive tongue in. The massaging of both feminine regions intensified as they kissed and a powerful sexual excitement built inside Jane. It was too much- she squirted again, tried briefly to regain control, then surrendered the battle.

Xia felt the warm wetness on her hand and broke off the kiss to look deep into Jane's eyes. She lowered her other hand so that they both caressing Jane's wet panties. She started rubbing the clitoris and vagina furiously as Jane peed, not stopping until the woman's bladder was empty and she had a massive, screaming, squirting orgasm in front of the entire tribe. Jane was lost in the blissful moment for a few seconds before a light slap on the bum brought her back to reality. Her face burned red with humiliation at the thought of what she had just done as Xia cheerfully left the platform.

Suddenly the sky above them rumbled, exciting the tribe further. The Gods had acknowledged Jane's sacrifice! The rains were coming! The crowd quickly focussed its attention on the other two women hoping for a second wetting soon. It was a matter of time with all the liquid the ladies had consumed.

The orgasm had not only left Jane embarrassed but oddly craving more of Xia's touch. She had never been with a woman, never even fantasized about having sexual contact with one. That is, until this strange encounter involving a public wetting accident had left her internally begging to be fondled further. She stared longingly at Xia's fit bottom swerving gracefully as the young lady made her way back to her seat with the other bachelorettes.

Alicia directed her attention towards the outhouse line-ups to keep her mind off her own predicament. A thirty-year old woman waiting with her two adolescent daughters was obviously close to wetting herself despite an iron-grip on her crotch. Being a caring mother, she had waited much too long to seek relief, trying to get her crying infant son to fall sleep. The drunk women already in line had been too worried about their own needs to consider her desperate pleas about a weakened bladder due to the recent pregnancy. She had resorted to holding herself in front of her daughters but couldn't make it into the outhouse in time.

The young girls watched in amazement as their mother lost total control and soaked her light brown pants just a few steps away from the outhouse. A waterfall of pee ran down her legs forming dark streaks on her pants and a sizeable puddle in the dirt at her feet. Drunk women around them erupted with laughter, grabbing their own crotches to avoid leakage. Humiliated, the mother instructed the girls to go straight to their father once they had peed and rushed away to the safety and privacy of her hut.

Vernie squeezed her legs as tightly together as possible. God she was desperate. It would feel so good to just piss. It was what the villagers wanted anyway. However, she just couldn't give up yet. The persistent student inside her urged her to keep holding- to try her best to hold it for three hours. She had no idea how long the ritual had been going for- maybe two hours, two and a half if she was lucky. She eyed her crush, Zhar and wasn't surprised to see him looking back at her- he had been focussed on her all night since he had caught her staring while he peed. Upon eye contact, he got up purposefully and walked straight to directly below her. He undid his pants and pulled out his massive penis.

Thanks to the fire's warm glow, Vernie had an unobstructed view of his beautiful organ this time. With a deep sigh of concentration, he started to pee and held his cock up to pee an arc in Vernie's direction. The pee didn't quite reach the platform, but she could smell the aroma and hear the loud splattering as it hit the ground. She winced as she involuntarily squirted through her white panties, no longer able to contain her urine. She desperately tried to regain control, but was only able to do so temporarily as the man finished peeing. He stepped out of his pants and removed his shirt before walking to the area directly under Vernie, beneath the platform. She couldn't hold on anymore and released her flood with an empathic sigh. Her warm pee flowed through the cracks in the wooden platform onto Zhar who opened his mouth to catch her stream. A dark cloud suddenly obstructed the moon and she could no longer see him as she continued emptying her engorged bladder.

The crowd chattered and cheered excitedly. Rainfall would surely come tonight! The Gods were pleased with the sacrifices of the western women. They chanted louder, danced faster. Their worries and struggles would end soon!

Zhar stepped out soaked with a huge erection once Vernie had stopped peeing. She gasped with uncontrollable excitement as he redressed in his clothes. Her sticky pussy juices added to the wet mess in her panties. She wanted nothing more than that huge cock in her mouth. She felt a weird sense of intimacy with the man- he was now covered in her pee, as if he was her property. He had been overtly excited by her act; she wanted to finish him off.

All eyes turned to Alicia, who was still struggling with a full bladder. She was now solely illuminated by the fire, but it was enough. Her writhing thighs, deep breaths, and pained facial expression showed that a wetting was imminent. Yet, she somehow continued to hold on. Ten minutes passed, then ten more. The natives looked at each in utter shock. Only fifteen minutes remained in the ritual and no woman had ever held on for the full three hours. The elders frowned collectively. Surely the Gods would be displeased at not receiving the final promised sacrifice! The Chief urged Alicia's server, Kari, to force her to drain another coconut.

Alicia's legs danced violently as yet more liquid entered her bursting body. She was in such unbearable pain, yet she knew she had to survive the full three hours. She prided herself on being able to hold her pee for as long as she had to. Ever since that horrible drunk accident in high school where she had wet herself in the back seat of a police car following a party bust-up, she had trained herself to have a strong bladder. She regularly held her pee for a full 24 hours without even the luxury of a morning pee. Three hours was nothing!

Jane wriggled uncomfortably beside her. Her exhausted bladder had rapidly filled up again and was once again demanding relief. She struggled to avoid wetting herself for a second time before Alicia's accident. What a baby she was! Already bursting to pee again while her co-worker had somehow held it all this time! She glanced over at Vernie who had her legs crossed tightly. Well, at least she wasn't alone!

Alicia felt her pee reach the very limits of her pee-hole. She somehow clenched her pussy muscles even tighter. She could see concern on the faces of the elders as she stubbornly held on. She was barely able to focus on the Chief's lips for a moment as he shook his head to answer an urgent inquiry from an old man beside him. She saw Chief Kaka firmly say that the ritual could not be changed. A minute later, a single loud thud sounded from a massive drum housed in a nearby hut. The crowd collectively whispered excitedly- only ten minutes remained!

Jane anxiously shifted. Her soiled panties had nearly dried from the heat of the fire, but a light outline of wetness still showed. She glanced over at Xia and saw that she had her fingers in her crotch while enjoying her show. Was she masturbating to her? It was too dark and too far away to tell. Then Jane noticed a dark spot around in the light sand in which she sat. She was casually wetting her dress as she watched Jane struggle! Was it an accident as she drunkenly lost control where she sat? Or was it for pleasure? Jane hoped she would get a chance to find out.

Alicia bit her lip hard as she struggled to hold on. Kari climbed up the stairs to the platform slowly and carefully with yet another bowl of wine for Alicia. This one was filled to the absolute brim. There was no way to tilt it towards Alicia's mouth without spilling some over her picture perfect tits. Alicia struggled mightily as gulp after gulp of wine was forced down her throat and cool liquid dripped torturously down her body from her breasts, to her abdomen, to her panties. She was sweating profusely as she tried to hold on.. somehow. This was her wildest fantasy ever, save for the fact that she was in severe pain. So many times she had fantasized about sharing her dark secret with someone. Her priceless treasure of adult diapers, pee magazines, and hard drives full of omorashi videos. For years, she had fantasized about having an "accident" in public. Now it would finally happen! It was truly a surreal experience for her.

The loud thud sounded again. Jane inadvertently squirted in her panties and watched three drops land between her feet. Oh God, it was about to happen again. Could she just hold on until the final drum?

Alicia finally downed the wine. It felt as if it was going straight into her bladder. Spasm after spasm ran through her as she somehow held on. Twisting so frantically that it seemed like the ropes which bound her would snap at any moment. Her bladder was bulging so much that she could easily be mistaken for a pregnant lady.

Vernie squirted. She clamped her youthful kegel muscles in a valiant effort to contain her pee for just a few minutes longer. Like Jane, she had a severely weakened bladder and loss of control for the second time that was imminent. As much as felt like letting go for some much-needed relief and putting on another show for Zhar, it was too close to the finish line to quit a second time.

Alicia felt her pee escape her pussy. She was in tears, trying to clamp the flow and somehow managed to. It hurt SO much to hold it. There were only two minutes to go, but it felt like an eternity. A dime-sized spot formed on her thong, immediately noticed by everyone who pointed excitedly at her crotch. Her desperation multiplied as another spasm jolted her poor body. The ocean of pee inside her pushed hard for full release. One minute to go.

Jane gritted her teeth as another squirt helplessly escaped her. She felt the pee run down her leg as she squeezed her thighs tightly to prevent further loss. Just a bit longer now.

Vernie spurted twice in rapid succession. Her legs glistened with wetness as she somehow stemmed the flow, the third spurt almost certainly being the final straw which would cause her to lose full bladder control again.

Alicia squirted ever so slightly again as her bladder stretched to its absolute limits. The spot on her tiny panties grew to the circumference of a half-dollar. She was going to lose control. She knew it, everyone knew it. Her body could not wait a second longer. A powerful and undeniable river erupted from her as the drum thud sounded for the third and final time. On cue, Vernie and Jane wet themselves as well. Exclamations of relief from the three imprisoned women were drowned by the angry sky above as a powerful thunderstorm initiated with heavy rainfall bombarding the village. Lightning lit the skies as Vernie and Jane finished wetting themselves for the second time that day a full minute later. However, Alicia's stream continued in strong fashion as men and women stared on in disbelief. The joy of the successful ritual as well as the fascination with Alicia's incredible display of continence combined to make the villagers celebrate uncontrollably with screaming and dancing.

It was impossible to see exactly when Alicia stopped peeing as the rain got extremely heavy rapidly, completely soaking everybody and killing the giant fire in a matter of seconds. The celebration died down swiftly and the women were finally untied as the villagers rushed to get their containers outside to collect as much valuable water as possible.

In a display of sincere gratitude, the women were given their choice of hut and partner for not only the night but the duration of the project. Alicia, being much too drunk and exhausted to even stand on her own, much less any form of sexual activity, allowed herself to be helped to the nearest bed.

Naturally, Vernie chose Zhar and Jane selected Xia. They woke up after a wild, passion-filled night of the greatest sex of their lives. Alicia woke up in a wet bed. All of them agreed it was the best start to the project they could have imagined.

