Lydia's Abys-mall Situation

Author: kittykat7621

*000*2012-01-19 02:09

I apologise now for any missed spelling or gramatical mistakes that I make. I refuse to edit it after posting because it will have that annoying Orange box and it gets on my nerves...

Now that that's over, welcome to my FIRST EVER OMORASHI fiction. It's pure pig swill, but I appreciate you taking the time to read it. In the off chance that you find a way to imoprove upon this, let me know, so I know who to hunt down and kill...

The picture (from AnimePaper) was the best suited one I could find for this story. You'll probably find better ones, but I couldn't be bothered to trawl through hundreds of possible pictures...

Love ya!

###

Lydia was in trouble. Sorry. That's not true. Lydia was in BIG trouble. She sat there, almost naked, on the cold wet tile floor and tried to work out where it had all gone wrong. It wasn't hard to work it out, but she refused to accept that she'd been so stupid...

It had all started about six hours ago. She'd just been walking home late from school when she realised that she needed to pee. It was still another hour before she'd get home and she couldn't last THAT long, so she chose to walk to the nearest mall, maybe 5 minutes away.

It was nearly 8Pm when she got there and she knew that the mall would be closing soon, so when she arrived, she ran straight past a some last-minute shoppers, a security guard and a fountain before turning the corner into the small corridor leading to the toilets. She ran straight into the door and bounced straight back off again, landing flat on her backside. It was locked and the floor was cold.

SHIT!

She turned around and stood up quickly, feeling sudden cramps in her abdomen and falling to her knees. She closed her eyes and lay down on her side, clutching her stomach. Thsi wasn't good. She slowly rubbed herself and the pain started to face. Standing up, she opened her eyes and saw that the mall had gone dark. She ran out of the corridor and towards the nearest exit, but just as she turned the final corner, she saw the metal grill blocking her path. The mall was closed, with her locked in.

Frantically, she opened her backpack and swang it round in front of her, some of the contenst falling into a small heap on the floor. She bent back over, stomach hurting again, reaching to pick up all her stuff. On the floor, under the books, she saw he phone... It was broken.

I'm in trouble now...

She walked over to the nearest bench and thought for a moment. She couldn't get out and she couldn't tell anyone she was here. There was only one thing for it. Sleep here tonight and hope that her mum didn't panic!

Then she heard the fountain again. Behind her was a 4 teir fountain, with water trickling down from one layer, onto another before reaching the bottom and being pumped back to the top. Lydia watched the water trickle down and then remembered why she was here at all. Her hands quickly clasped her pussy, whilst she crossed her legs as far as they would go. The sound of the fountain rushed through her head and she felt the constant pangs of pain as her bladder swelled from the need to empty.

She sat there for a few minutes, writhing in both pain and, to her surprise, pleasure. For her, holding in her pee was strange and new. Normally, she'd find a toilet and use it, and if that was unable to happen, she'd just pee herself and sort it out. Tonight, However, she couldn't afford to pee herself. She'd need these clothes when she woke up, for school tomorrow. She looked around and tried to find somewhere where she wouldn't be able to hear the fountain, put her bag on the floor and lay down, legs smushing into each other and using her blazer as a blanket.

I can hold onto this. I don't need to pee. I am the master of my own bladder...

She repeated this over and over again, each time trying to open her legs, but failing. They were starting to hurt her. A sudden thought hit her. Maybe she should remove her clothes and pee in the fountain?

Only if I get desperate...

She got desperate, 10, maybe 15 minutes after and decided that this was it. If she was going to pee, she'd be doing it now.

Slowly, she slipped off her shoes, socks and started to unbutton her shirt. By the time her last button was undone, she was fit to burst.

Just one more minute...

She slipped her shirt off and slowly undid her bra. Any sudden movements and she would pee. She had to take things very slowly right now. Having removed it, she slowly ran her fingers down her body, feeling a strong sense of anticipation in her body, which lay there, shivering on the cold floor. As her hands reached her panties, she stopped and realised what she could do. She was alone and despite her protests, her body seemed willing to join the fun going on in her bladder.

She slowly rubbed herself, trying to take her mind off of the fountain, yet trying to make one of her own. Building up bith courage and rhythm, she started to masturbate, slowly at first and building up speed until her hand couldn't take the strain anymore.

She jumped up and then fell, back onto her knees, before realising the sudden lack of pain and the flowing feeling her body had. Then she felt the hot fluid dripping down her leg, through her 'almost off' panties.

She looked around, unsure what to do, before giving up and laying down on the hot wet floor, pee spreading across it, panties soaked and her hand in agony. A few minutes later, Lydia was cold again, the pee having cooled down. She started to wonder exactly where it had all gone wrong for her...

