One Piece: Robin's Regret

Author: MrSmallman

*000*2014-01-03 05:50

"Luffy, There's an island!" Nami's voice swam in Robin's ears. She gazed at the ceiling as Luffy replied.

"Let's go!" Robin could hear his normal laugh as he called to Nami. Robin swung her feet of her bed onto the cool hardwood flooring of the Thousand Sunny. She stood up and let out feminine yawn as she headed toward her warbrobe. She pulled off her nightgown to reveal her standing in only a pair of tight purple panties. She reached into her closet and grabbed a slip, a tight black dress, and her stockings. Then got dressed and cleaned up before proceeding to walk calmly outside on the deck. The ship was just docking into the harbor as she walked toward the off ramp. She spoke in her soothing voice.

"Nami, Do you wanna go shopping?"

"I would love to, but I wanna work on some of the maps from last island."

"Ok, I'll catch up to you guys later." She smiled and closed her eyes to accompany her response.

"Bwyee Robin-chwann!" Sanji exclaimed as hearts danced in his eyes. Robin's feet tapped on the boardwalk, as sudden realization hit her. Her bladder was full.

"I have to go, but I think I'll browse a couple shops first." She thought. She entered a florist's shop and bent over to smell some tulips. She could feel some serious pressure on her bladder, and as a result bolted up quickly.

"Something wrong, sweetie?" The old short owner inquired.

"I've just been stung by a bee hiding in the flowers, that's all." She tried her best to lie and conceal the true issue which would embarrass her deeply.

She exited the shop hurriedly in search of a toilet. Her urine was becoming compressed in her bladder as she'd had an entire bottle of sake the previous night. The fear of her wetting herself became a daunting image that lurked within her head. She began walking at an accelerated pace and shouldering her way through the crowd to find a place of relief. As she was rushing, an unforeseen elbow hit her right in the abdomen, causing a couple drops of her golden urine to escape into her low cut underwear. Her eyes became hot with tears as she realized all hope was vanishing. The crowd drew to a close as she wondered into the grass hoping to find a place hidden from vision.

A bush sparkled like an angel to her as she sprinted towards it. However, the exercise was too much as she fell to her knees. Her bladder was stretched to its max and ready to burst. Tears streamed heavily because she her fate was sealed, she already felt the pressure lightening off her bladder. Her purple panties gripped her body tightly as they grew dark and heavy with urine. Her petite body was filled with disbelief. The yellow liquid slowly grew enclosing her knees and legs in a few millimeters and soaking her panties, dress, and stockings. She sat and cried in the puddle of her urine as more ran down her thighs and passed through her flooded panties. Robin was utterly defeated.

"I c-c-ccan't believe I peed myself. I-I'm pathetic." she sobbed in humiliation. "If they find out..."

"Robin!" Robin looked up to meet Nami's eyes. Robin was so humiliated she blacked out and fell over next to her yellow mess.

This is my first fanfiction, and since I couldn't seem to find any One Piece stories, I wrote one.

Please rate it 1-10 and feel free to give some helpful criticism. Thanks!

