Mrs Brown's Boys Pee Desperation Fanfiction

Author: Despo Disciple

*000*2013-10-13 16:08

Hey guys! If you have seen the Irish sitcom called Mrs Brown's Boys, you'll know it's a really funny show. If you haven't, look it up, it's really funny. This, however, isn't what this forum is for, as you know. I will write fanfiction of Mrs Brown's Boys...... right here! Bear in mind, this is my first fanfiction, so please, feel free to give me some feedback (positive or negative), suggestions, or even write your own!

*001*2013-10-16 20:08

The family woke up. The day had finally arrived. Mark had planned to take the entire family (and Buster, much to the dismay of most of the family) on a week-long holiday, and today was the day! Indeed, everyone was up so late (it is a usual trait for a Brown to be lazy and unorganized) that 3 people had not got time to use the toilet: Maria, Betty and Cathy, much to the delight of Dermot, Mark and a now very horny Buster. "For goodness sake!" all three women exclaimed, "we've been up two hours, and we still haven't been to the toilet!".

"Well, there's no time now, the minivan's out there now, and it's a transport service, not a feckin' sit-and-shit!" Mrs Brown stated, inappropriate as ever. "Mrs Brown, we need a piss, not a shit" Betty bluntly said. "That's not the point, Mark's got this whole thing organised for us, got his mate the van driver to give us all a lift down and everything, so can we just try and enjoy ourselves" said Dermot, not wanting to miss the chance to see his gorgeous wife Maria desperate for a wee on a 4 hour trip. "Yeah, surely you can hold it" Mark continued, for the same reason as Dermot. Not once had he seen Betty even mildly needing a restroom, and today that was going to change! "Yeah" Buster agreed, a lot less devious in his attempt to see his crush Cathy in a desperate state. "Shut up, Buster" Mark replied, almost immediately. "Fine," Maria hesitantly agreed, "we'll try to hold it".

*004*2013-10-29 12:56

"Well, that's that, then" Agnes said, "Now will you three [Dermot, Mark and Buster] carry the bags out and put them in the back of the van?"

"You might want to take that banana out of your pocket, Dermot" Mark joked while the three were putting the family's luggage into the van. "Yeah, and you might want to take that canoe out of yours" Dermot replied, receiving a chuckle from both of the others.

Now they were on their way. The men (except Rory) all talked about Ireland's football team's recent 3-1 victory over Kazakhstan, and heavily debated whether Giovanni Trappatoni's replacement should be Martin O'Neill or Mick McCarthy, whilst the women (and Rory) all gossiped about Barbara's new relationship with an ex-jockey, with most of them saying how fit jockeys are, and, of course, Agnes commenting that "he must like riding things with long faces and massive legs", to an uproar in laughter from the others. Maria, Betty and Cathy, however, were slowly zoning out of the conversation.

They had more pressing matters to worry about. Their bladders were gradually sending stronger signals to their brains that they wanted relief. Maria had her legs crossed (whilst, might I mention, wearing a miniskirt, revealing a LOT of thigh cleavage), Betty was tapping the heels of her high-heel shoes, and Cathy had resorted to occasionally squirming in her seat, changing her position every now-and-again. This, of course, had not escaped the attentions of Dermot, Mark and Buster, who by now looked like they had a giraffe in their pocket!

Sorry for the wait, also, thanks to lv10624 and al2209 for the feedback, means a lot to a new guy starting out!

*006*2013-12-10 23:38

Once again, sorry for the wait!

Two hours down, two to go. But the glass was not half full for Maria, Betty and Cathy (no pun intended). Their bladders had become extremely uncomfortable, with Maria now constantly crossing and re-crossing her legs, with one hand resting on her thigh, very close to her crotch, Betty bouncing her legs and occasionally pinching her crotch, and Cathy holding herself through her pockets.

"This is fantastic, Mark," said Dermot. "I know, and we've got 2 more hours of fun to go." Mark replied. "We can have far more, though, Mark." Buster uncharacteristically coming up with a good idea. "Shut up, Bu - wait a minute. That's a great idea, Buster!" said Mark, shocked at Buster's bright idea. "I'll tell my mate to 'run out of diesel' to make them wait even longer!" Buster looked confused. "Wait, what? No, I meant what if there were three Cathys."

"Ah, now that's more like something you'd come up with." said Mark.

"Oi, Jim," Mark said, approaching the van driver. "Bloody great show you got back there, Mark." Jim replied, clearly enjoying the women's desperation as much as the lads were. "Yeah, and it's about to get even better. I need you to 'break down' for us, to make them wait longer."

"Haha, great idea, Mark! I'm on it." 5 minutes later, the men's plan was carried out.

"Why have we stopped?" A clearly distressed Maria asked. She was now holding herself in full view of the whole bus, and had her legs tightly crossed. "Sorry, love, but I must have broken down. I'll have to get out and check me motor." said Jim. Betty sighed. She was now jiggling her whole body up and down, with her legs double-crossed. "Ah, for feck's sake!" yelled the ever-polite Agnes. "I've got pins and needles in me arse for crying out loud!" she complained. "You think that's bad?" said Cathy under her breath. She now had both hands thrusted into her crotch, and was doubled over.

Sorry for the wait again. And thanks to Gustov, means a lot (I'm a good person)!

*009*2013-12-20 19:47

30 minutes later, Jim entered his van. "We're ready to rock and roll again."

"Thanks, Jim. That's a half hour delay." said Mark.

2 hours later, and the Browns had arrived at their hotel. "What's up with you three?" Agnes asked Maria, Betty and Cathy. "We told you we needed a piss!" Cathy said, clearly agitated by her mother and brothers rushing her and her friends into the van before they had had a chance to use the toilet. "Well, why didn't you use the one on the van?" Agnes replied (yes, I know, a van has a toilet. Realism.) The women's faces dropped. The van was now gone, and they had just put themselves through nothing short of pure torture, needlessly. "Come on, let's go and get checked in, and fast!" said Betty.

"Oh, hurry up, Mark, please!" pleaded Betty. "I'm dying for the loo!" Mark was certainly taking his time, and who could blame him? His wife was now holding herself with both hands whilst jiggling up and down. Finally, though, they were given the keys to their rooms.

All three women rushed to get to the bathroom. "Now, hold your horses just a minute." ordered Agnes. "This has to be decided fairly!" She stood in front of the bathroom door, and thought about how they would decide who went first. "I've got an idea!" Winnie exclaimed. "Go on, Winnie," Agnes prompted her. "We'll toss a coin. If it lands on heads, Betty goes first. If it lands on tails, Cathy goes first. If it lands on its side, Maria goes first," Winnie said. She had no idea how much Dermot loved her for saying that.

"Tails!" Winnie shouted. Cathy rushed straight in, closed the door, pulled off her jeans and knickers and sat down, all in one movement, and released a huge gush of urine into the toilet bowl. "Heads!" It was decided that, once Cathy was done (and by the sounds of things, that might take a while), Betty would go afterwards (obviously!). "Oh, hurry up, Cathy, I'm bursting!" pleaded Betty. She, along with Maria, now had her hands thrusted into her crotch, and they were both hopping from foot to foot. "Coming!" shouted Cathy. She emerged from the loo looking extremely relieved. "I've never had to piss so badly in my entire life." She giggled.

"Well, neither have I, so get out of my way!" said Betty. She rushed in, shoving Cathy out of the way in the process, and, whilst jiggling up and down with her legs squeezed tightly together, eventually was able to pull her trousers down and release. It felt great. "Betty, PLEASE hurry up, I'm about to wet myself!" Maria begged. She was now frantically pacing up and down with her hands between her legs. She ran in the second Betty had got out. She closed the door, but could not seem to undo the belt on her skirt. "Why the hell am I even wearing a belt with this skirt anyway?" she asked herself as she wriggled and squirmed while trying to get the belt undone. She eventually was able to get her skirt off and resumed her little dance of holding herself with both hands and hopping from foot to foot whilst being naked from the waist down for several seconds, before sitting down and began wetting full force. What a relief!

You can guess what Dermot and Mark did with Maria and Betty in bed that night. As for Buster... Well, he tried.

If the ending seemed disappointing, its probably because I'm more into desperation and not peeing/wetting. Sorry. However, if you want me to do an alternative ending with wetting, leave a comment below, and give feedback too, even if you don't want another ending! If you don't want to comment at all, "That's nice!"

Thanks to vexer6 and al2209 (again) for your feedback.

