Girl`s School - Page 7

*123*2018-11-30 15:15

{{ 11 hours ago, Night Rain said: 

Will the story at least have a happy ending? 

}}

Yes. Yes, it will. 

{{ 9 hours ago, xXDragoneelXx said: 

PLEASE AGNES REBEL GOD DAMMIT (pun intended) 

}}

In time. 

{{ 7 hours ago, diapersquelch said: 

Glad you are back, great story so far. 

I got lucky that I found this story a year ago, lost it, then found it again as the new chapter was added 

I something bad happens to Mr. Portman, hopefully the doing of Agnes 

Continue the amazing writing 
}}

Thank you! So happy you like it! 

*127*2020-11-27 03:22

Is updating every two or three years a thing? 

So weird that someone had necromancied this thread on literally the same day I looked in on this forum for the first time in, like, two years. Actually made me want to write more on this, so you can all thank @unravel
for this update. 

CW: sexual content, food-related punishments 

———————— 

CHAPTER EIGHT 

As soon as the door to Mr. Portman’s office had closed behind her, Agnes broke into a run. By the time she reached the dormitory building, she was sobbing, and when she got to her dorm, she let out a low wail. It wasn’t fair, none of it. How could they do this? How could it be legal? Did people know about this? And if they didn’t, how could they not? Did all the girls end up like Mary-Louise in the end? Would she? 

She found clean underwear and a towel, and went to the showers. They were empty, of course. The rest of the girls were still in class. 

The hot water stung her sore bottom, and she cried out in agony. Pain and humiliation, these were a daily part of her life now. Her reprieve in the Fifth House made returning to that routine all the worse. 

She wished Maddie were with her. Missed her kisses, her touch, and her laugh. But classes weren’t out yet, and even if they had been, Agnes was too tired to go looking for her. Once she was clean, she went back to her dorm and got into bed. She fell asleep almost at once, only waking slightly when the other girls came to bed that night before drifting off again. 

But the next time she woke up, she found herself in the showers again. She was squatting, peeing into the drain while touching herself. She didn’t try to stop it; it felt so good to just let go, and as she came she bit her lip to keep quiet. The dream she’d had was fading fast, but she was sure it had been about Maddie. 

Her knees shook as she stood up. She glanced towards the window. It was still dark outside. Good. As she’d done the other times this happened, she rinsed her panties and hid them under her bed when she got back to the dorm. Everyone else was asleep. Agnes got back into bed, but she couldn’t seem to fall asleep again. 

There was a small sound from the next bed over. She glanced through the darkness at Mary-Louise, who turned over in her sleep with a soft sigh and a whisper that sounded a lot like, ‘Daddy . . .’ 

It suddenly occurred to Agnes to wonder how long Mary-Louise had been at Mary Magdalene’s. Maddie had referred to her as Big Sister on several occasions, which made it sound like Mary-Louise had already been there when Maddie arrived. But that couldn’t be right. She was the perfect little Christian girl. Why hadn’t she been sent home? Something wasn’t right. 

That thought almost made her laugh. Of course something wasn’t right. Nothing was right here. Maybe that was why it hadn’t occurred to Agnes to wonder about it before. She shrugged off the thought. Maybe Mr. Portman kept her around as an example to others, to show them what a good girl was like. 

# 

Seeing Maddie across the chapel the following morning filled Agnes with warmth. They exchanged a look and a smile, though they couldn’t speak to each other. Agnes longed to kiss her again, though she wasn’t sure how they’d be able to sneak away to do it. 

Not having eaten in a whole day, Agnes had thought she’d be hungry, but when she sat down for breakfast she felt almost instantly sick. She forced down her food anyway, then went and threw up before going to class. 

Maddie managed to grab hold of her on the way to lunch. ‘Hey, baby girl.’ She smiled. ‘Back out?’ 

‘Yeah, since yesterday morning,’ said Agnes. 

Maddie frowned. ‘I didn’t see you at all yesterday.’ 

Agnes lowered her gaze. ‘I . . . I spent the day in Mr. Portman’s office.’ 

‘The whole day?’ Maddie looked stricken. ‘What the—?’ 

Agnes just shook her head. If she talked about it, she felt like she’d cry. ‘It was bad,’ was all she managed to say. 

‘I’m so sorry, sweetie,’ said Maddie. ‘You okay?’ 

‘I guess. I’m going back this afternoon for the regular punishments. How about you? How have you been?’ 

Maddie shrugged. ‘I’m on the regular old water torture. You are too, I’m guessin’?’ 

Agnes nodded. ‘Yeah. But in the evening, after punishments, he said he’d give me a break.’ She had to pee pretty badly right now, though she wouldn’t be allowed to go until after she’d eaten. Suddenly, she recalled her thought from the night before. ‘Hey, Maddie . . .’ 

‘Hm?’ 

‘I was wondering about something. Mary-Louise . . . Was she already here when you got here?’ 

Maddie nodded. ‘Yeah. She wasn’t my Big Sister, but she was to one of the girls who got here at the same time I did. Why?’ 

‘Don’t . . . don’t you think it’s weird? That she’s still here, when she’s such a model pupil? I mean . . . shouldn’t they have sent her home?’ 

‘I . . .’ Maddie frowned. ‘I never really thought about that.’ 

‘I did,’ said a voice, and they turned to find Jean walking behind them. ‘You shouldn’t talk so loud, people listen,’ she said. Then she lowered her voice. ‘I asked another girl that question not long after I got here.’ 

‘And?’ said Agnes. ‘Did you get an answer?’ 

‘Well . . . For most of us, you’re here for a period of time and if you’re good by the end of it, or your parents don’t wanna extend your stay, you just go home, right? Like Bible Camp. But apparently, for the difficult cases, the ones that aren’t, you know, “cured” or whatever when they’re supposed to be . . . there’s this test. When a girl who’s had a really bad devil in her starts showing signs of improvement, she has to pass it three times. Three months in a row. If she fails once, it starts over.’ 

‘What’s the test?’ Maddie asked. 

Jean shook her head. ‘I don’t know. No one does. The girls aren’t supposed to tell anyone. Maybe the test’s different for different people too, I dunno. But if Mary-Louise has never managed to pass three tests in a row . . .’ 

‘She did say she used to have the devil in her,’ said Agnes. ‘She told me she’d been just like me once.’ 

‘I guess she wouldn’t be here at all if she’d always been little miss perfect,’ said Maddie with a shrug. ‘Still, though . . . Weird that she keeps failing the test, whatever it is. You’d think it would translate.’ 

‘Well, she may get a lot of special treatment and privileges,’ said Agnes, ‘but she gets punished when she screws up, same as us. They all do, the watchdogs. I don’t know what happened to Ellie after she failed to keep an eye on you, Maddie, but she looked freaked out.’ 

‘Well, serves ’em right for doin’ his dirtywork in the first place,’ said Maddie. 

‘I wonder if I’ll ever have to take that test,’ said Jean. ‘If I become, you know, good enough. They already extended my stay once.’ 

‘Why was that?’ Agnes asked. ‘You never said.’ 

Jean sighed. ‘You probably didn’t notice while we were in the Fifth House, but . . . I’m not good with food. Like, food textures and stuff. Certain foods, I just can’t swallow. Sometimes I just can’t force it down and they punish me. Sometimes I go throw up after and they catch me at it, and then they punish me for that too.’ 

‘Water torture?’ Maddie asked. 

‘They did that at first,’ said Jean. ‘But it didn’t really work so well cause I’ve got like a steel bladder. And if a punishment doesn’t hurt you, they gotta find something else. So they force feed me. Sometimes they give me anti-emetics first, so I won’t throw up. Sometimes . . . they just tape my mouth shut . . .’ She shuddered, and suddenly she looked a little green. ‘Ugh . . . Excuse me.’ She rushed past them, heading for a bathroom. 

‘Oh my god,’ Maddie whispered. ‘Poor Jean. I had no idea.’ 

Agnes shook her head, stunned. ‘Me either.’ She hoped to God they’d never catch her throwing up after breakfast and was glad she mostly had her eating situation under control now. ‘Do you know who her Big Sister is?’ she asked Maddie. 

‘She’s not here anymore,’ said Maddie, shrugging. ‘I think her name was Cora or something like that. She became a good girl and got sent home.’ 

They’d reached the mess now. The tables were divided up by dorms, so they had to separate. ‘I’ll see you later,’ said Agnes. 

‘See you, baby girl.’ Maddie smiled. 

# 

Since she had her punishment that afternoon, Agnes didn’t get much chance to talk to Maddie more. But the following day was a Sunday, and on Sundays they didn’t have classes. They still had morning, afternoon and evening prayer in the chapel, but the rest of the day was theirs to do with as they pleased. What was even better, on Sundays Mr. Portman didn’t do punishments unless it was to address a fresh wrongdoing, so while Agnes and Maddie still didn’t have bathroom privileges outside mealtimes, they didn’t have to drink extra water and Agnes did not have to go to his office that afternoon. 

So after lunch, they snuck off together to the maintenance closet they’d been in before. It was the most private place they could think of. The moment the door was closed, Maddie turned to Agnes and kissed her. ‘I’ve wanted to do this since I left the Fifth House,’ Maddie whispered. ‘I missed being with you, baby girl.’ 

‘Me too,’ said Agnes breathlessly. ‘I . . . I dream about you at night . . .’ 

‘Yeah?’ Maddie’s smile turned mischievous. ‘What happens in your dreams?’ 

Agnes licked her lips, looking away. She felt herself blush. ‘Well, we . . . we kiss . . . and you . . . I mean, you, like, touch me.’ 

‘Yeah?’ Maddie smoothed back Agnes’s hair. ‘What else?’ 

Agnes shook her head. ‘That . . . that’s it.’ 

‘No it isn’t,’ said Maddie. ‘I can always tell when you’re holding something back, sweetie. What else happens in your dreams?’ 

The thought of telling Maddie what really happened in her dreams was so embarrassing. But then, Maddie had never given her any reason not to trust her. Never made fun of her for anything. Not for sleepwalking, not for wetting the bed . . . If anyone would understand, it was Maddie. 

‘Sometimes . . . sometimes I wet myself. But it’s not like in the nightmares, or like how it is in Mr. Portman’s office. In the dreams, you and me are together, we’re kissing and you’re . . . you’re touching me . . . and then I gotta pee and I tell you. And you tell me I can just let go, it’s okay. And . . . I do. And it just feels kind of good.’ She knew she was blushing furiously. 

Maddie put her arms around her and pulled her close. ‘You’re adorable,’ she whispered. ‘You’re the sweetest girl in all the world, Agnes. And . . . I know how you feel. When you’ve had to hold it, it feels wonderful to just let go. Mr. Portman, he makes us do it to humiliate us, but when I’m on my own, and I think about doin’ it without anyone laughing or disapproving or punishing me for it . . . the thought of wetting myself is kinda exciting.’ 

‘Really?’ Agnes’s heart was hammering in her chest. ‘You think about it too?’ 

‘Yeah,’ said Maddie. 

Agnes pulled away, looking up into Maddie’s eyes. ‘Tonight,’ she said. ‘When you’re sure everyone else is asleep, meet me in the shower room.’ 

Maddie grinned. ‘I love it when you take initiative, baby girl.’ 

‘Don’t . . . don’t go to the bathroom before you go to bed.’ 

‘Roger that.’ Maddie kissed her again. ‘I can’t wait.’ 

# 

Agnes lay in her bed pretending to sleep, but in reality, her heart was hammering. She hadn’t been to the bathroom since supper and now she had to pee. Not as badly as when she was on the water torture, not by a long shot. Not enough to hurt. Just enough that peeing would be a wonderful release. 

When she was sure everyone else was asleep, she got out of bed and tiptoed down the hall to the shower room. There was nobody there yet, but Maddie showed up shortly after. The shower room had three cubicles of a sort with four showers in each. The cubicles had doors that latched, and they went inside one without saying a word. 

After latching the door, Maddie turned to Agnes with a smile. ‘Hey, baby girl.’ 

‘Hey.’ Agnes returned the smile. She crossed her legs a little. 

‘Gotta pee, huh?’ 

Agnes nodded. ‘Yeah.’ 

Maddie reached out, then seemed to hesitate. ‘Can I . . . can I touch you, Agnes?’ 

Agnes nodded again. ‘Yeah. Please.’ Her voice was breathless. Maddie put her hand on the front of Agnes’s white panties, rubbing her slowly through the fabric. Agnes hissed, throwing back her head. 

‘Feel good?’ Maddie asked. 

‘Yeah . . .’ Agnes blushed. ‘Should . . . can I touch you too?’ 

‘Please,’ said Maddie. Her cheeks were flushed pink. She looked so gorgeous like this. Agnes reached out and did what Maddie was doing. ‘Oh . . .’ Maddie closed her eyes. ‘That feels so nice, baby girl.’ 

Agnes touched Maddie’s cheek with her other hand, then kissed her gently. They sped up the movement of their hands, rubbing faster. Then Maddie slid her fingers into Agnes’s panties and pressed a finger inside her while massaging her clit with her thumb. It was lucky they were kissing, or Agnes might have cried out. It felt so good! 

She broke the kiss and whispered. ‘Ah . . . I’m gonna . . . if you do that, I’m gonna come!’ 

‘Do it to me too,’ said Maddie, and Agnes obeyed. She felt clumsy. She’d never done this before. The inside of Maddie’s pussy was tight and wet. Still, though Agnes was a novice and wasn’t entirely sure she knew what she was doing, Maddie seemed to enjoy it. 

Maddie’s finger pressed against Agnes’s bladder, and her thumb moved faster. Agnes closed her eyes. ‘Maddie . . . I’m really close . . . and I really have to pee!’ 

‘It’s okay,’ said Maddie. ‘You can do it whenever you want.’ 

And with a soft moan, Agnes came. As her orgasm hit her, she immediately began to wet herself, pee running down her legs, over her feet, pitter-pattering down onto the tiles. Maddie took her hand, the one that was touching Maddie’s pussy, and helped her find a rhythm, and a moment later Maddie came too, and then she also wet herself. Her warm pee trickled out over Agnes’s hand as they kissed. 

All Agnes could hear was their breathing echoing off the tiles and her own heartbeat in her ears. She looked into Maddie’s eyes, and then they both giggled. ‘Wow,’ Maddie said breathlessly. ‘That was really . . . I mean, wow.’ She kissed Agnes’s lips. ‘Was it like your dream?’ 

Agnes smiled. ‘Yeah. It was just like my dream.’ 

They cleaned themselves off and left the shower room. The hall was deserted. Everyone else was asleep. Leaning in, Agnes kissed Maddie again. ‘Goodnight,’ she whispered. 

‘Night, baby girl,’ said Maddie. Agnes made to step away, but Maddie grabbed her wrist and looked into her eyes. ‘Agnes?’ 

‘Yeah?’ 

‘I love you.’ 

Agnes’s smile turned into a huge grin. ‘I love you too, Maddie.’ 

Then they each went their separate ways. Exhausted and happy, Agnes fell asleep, dreaming of her beautiful girl. 

———————— 

Author's note: One of the reason why I haven't been working on this story is that I've kind of lost interest in girls, sexually speaking. I'm a trans guy and women's bodies kind of just don't do it for me anymore. I feel like that shows in this sex scene, somehow... And I'm sorry about that. I'm too gay for this. Still, I actually have a plan for how to end this story now, so yay! 

*129*2020-11-28 03:48

{{ 12 hours ago, Melificentfan said: 

That was a fantasmic chapter 

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you enjoyed it, even after all this time. 

*131*2020-11-29 19:19

{{ 4 hours ago, acer913 said: 

Glad to see you back at it. I know you said you have changed, but I do hope to see the ending to this. Excellent all the way through. 

}}

I am planning to finish it. Don’t know exactly how long it’s gonna take, but like I said, I now have a plan of sorts, so hopefully this will keep my interest for long enough to see that through. 

*133*2020-11-30 21:40

{{ 10 hours ago, Jus said: 

I don't know how I didn't see this before now. This has been one of the best stories I've read. I don't just mean here. It is so much better than most of what I've read anywhere anytime. 

It is my experience that I usually just read for the peeing, or the desperation, but this has sucked me right into the situation. I'm so caught up in the frustrations, pain and humiliation, and seeming helplessness of our characters, as well as wondering about such things as: does having power over others cause corruption, or is it that the corrupt seek out positions where they have power over others? 

I'm shocked and stunned that a quirky little peeing story could have me so emotionally involved. 

I don't know how easily writing comes to you, Thorn, but you deserve every bit of acknowledgement and praise and thanks that I've seen scattered throughout this thread, and then some. Thanks. 

}}

Omg, thank you! Thank you so much for such a kind and thoughtful comment. It means a lot, and I’m really glad you like it. I do dream of making a living as a writer some day, though I normally write gay romance, lol! This is my guilty pleasure. 
