Held for Ransom

Author: froggychan

*000*2015-09-19 22:35

(My writer's block is finally over! Thanks for the previous feedback on my writing, I thought that I should keep on practicing. Please leave any feedback or criticism that you might have, I appreciate it!)

CHAPTER ONE: HOME

I groaned to myself as I slowed down for the red light. But I also took the opportunity to use both of my hands to push against my bladder in desperation. I knew that I would barely make it home on time to make it to the bathroom, and that redlights were not going to help.

Please, fucking change!!!

I only lived five minutes away. I felt tears in my eyes due to being extremely desperate. The library at the university was closing when I got out. I opted to write and turn in an essay due at midnight instead of using the bathroom, which were closed by the time they started to kick out people. The university was an hour drive, and since I had already been holding for another hour or so at the university, I desperately needed to go. I had my favorite designer jeans on, and I really didn't want to ruin them.

I immediately took off once the light turned green. The car I had drove pretty smooth as another luxury feature, so it helped me hold my bladder in. I finally got to the driveway. I parked my car in the driveway of the house, and rushed out. I had to bend in desperation as I stood up, stomping my feet in place. I slowly walked to the door, careful not to lose control. I shakingly placed the key into the lock, and turned. Stepping inside, I let out a sigh of extreme relief, knowing that I was close. I quickly grew horrified when I noticed that my relief wasn't mental, but it was my bladder beginning to let loose.

I squeaked in horror and embarrassment, shoving my hands in between my legs. I could feel a bit of urine soaking through my panties and jeans, with a few drops forming on the floor. I rushed to the bathroom door. As I went through the hallway, I noticed that the backdoor in the kitchen was open, with only the screen door closed. I didn't know what to do. I was frozen in place.

Could that possibly mean there's an intruder? The fear left my frozen in place. I was still fighting my desperation, but I couldn't bring myself to get to the bathroom in fear. And thats where it only became worst.

I felt something cover my mouth, realizing it was a cloth. I was dragged back, feeling an arm grab hold of my neck, putting me into a sort of headlock. I tried shouting out, but my protests were muffled by the cloth. I grabbed the assailant's arm, trying to get him to pull off. He pushed me back, putting his leg in between my legs in an effort to get me off balance and trip me. I noticed that it wasn't as hard to try to pull his arm off (not that I succeded), and that my assailant wasn't a really hefty person, as a murderer or kidnapper would be. I heard his grunts of struggle, and I realized that my assailant was actually a she. It made sense, considering that my physical strength was slightly weaker than hers, and that she was about my size.

However, I didn't notice that I lost total control. I felt the warmness of the urine stream down my legs. I felt the wetness spread out through the front of my jeans. The tightness of my pantylines, along with the awkward angle at which I was, allowed the stream to travel up and soak the back of my jeans, almost as if I were sitting down while wetting myself. I couldn't even cross my legs in the hopes of keeping my clothes as dry as possible. I cried out as I felt both the relief and embarrassment of wetting myself.

"Goddamit" the assailant complained, as she felt the urine soak her leg that she put in between mines to try to trip me. Afterwards, I don't know if I was the one who slipped on the growing puddle beneath us, or if it was her, but we both fell to the floor. Unfortunately, not only was it me who fell into the puddle further soaking myself in urine, but she got the advantage and fell on top of me, making it easier to hold me down. She dropped the cloth, and I could finally speak

"Help! Please, help!!" I screamed, hoping that a neighbor could hear. But since this was an upper-class neighbor, the houses were big and further apart, so I don't think anybody heard me.

"Shut up! You're making it worst for yourself!" she growled in response.

I felt one of her hands let go of me, and just like that, I felt a sharp sting on my neck. There was a cold feeling running through the area where I was stung, followed by a sudden fit of extreme drowsiness. I felt myself get weaker, and put up less of a fight. Eventually, I couldn't move due to the fatigue. I couldn't even move my mouth. The assailant got up, staring at me as I tried to move my body. I was at her feet, humiliated, defeated and helpless.

I felt myself drift out, as I heard her laugh. I know she was making fun of me for wetting myself, but I couldn't make out what she was saying. I did hear a ripping noise, like tape. She grabbed my head up by my hair, to tape my mouth shut. The last thing I felt was my arms being placed on my back, and then everything turned dark.

*003*2015-10-01 01:49

Sorry for the super long absence, I'm glad to get that kind of feedback!

CHAPTER TWO: WAKING UP

I slowly began to regain my consciousness. I was knocked out cold, kind of like a hangover (I think?). I began to shift a little bit, responding to my tired state. I kept on pushing and forcing, but I realized that I couldn't move. I could feel pressure on me, like something was against me, but I couldn't move. It wasn't that I was paralyzed.

I had my eyes open, and I couldn't see anything. It was totally dark. I tried to open my mouth to groan at the fatigue, but I couldn't. It wasn't that I was weak, it was that my mouth was taped shut. I could feel the stretching of my skin, along with the sticky adhesive stuff as I tried to slightly move my lips. It stuck me that I had been restrained. I was on a chair, with my arms on armrests. I could feel something like rope on my wrists, my abdomen, across my body underneath my armpits, and my ankles as well.

I had remembered that I was attacked. I couldn't tell when. But once I started to shift a bit more as a response to the realization, I felt some discomfort. My jeans were wet and cold. My socks were also sort of wet too, along with a part of my sweater and my tank top. I also remembered that I had wet myself while trying to fight back, and the last thing I remember was being wrestled down into my puddle. Judging by the clammy feeling of my jeans, I have probably been here only for a few hours, otherwise I would have been dry. Or maybe I have been here for more than that, and I happened to have a second accident.

I tried everything, I squirmed, I pushed myself up and down, side to side, but it was no use. I couldn't get out of my restrains. I tried to calm down. I was scared, I didn't know what was going to happen. I tried to scream for help through the tape, only for it to come out in muffles. After a while, I stopped. Nobody was coming to help me. I was on my own.

I sobbed through the tape. I didn't know what to do. The itchy and numb feeling of the wet fabric of my jeans and panties were only making my frustation worse. I tried to furiously fight my way out of the chair, screaming at the top of my lungs, but I couldn't. I gave up. I put my head down and continued to cry. Trying to move around also triggered something in me. I felt a weird feeling in my bladder. I thought it was just my gut hurting, but it didn't go away. I started to realize that my bladder was filling up again. That only made me cry more, and try again to fight. I didn't want to wet myself again. I don't know what is going on, or what will happen to me, and it's not fair how I have to wet myself waiting! I'm scared, and the last thing I need is to be humiliated even more!

With that, I heard the sound of jingling, followed by the crack of a door opening up. I froze in place. There were footsteps, but the sound of wood and long steps made it seem like somebody was going down some stairs. The footsteps were approaching me. I didn't know whether to keep quiet, or start to beg for help. My eyes were blinded by the sudden light of the ceiling lights turning on. I closed and opened them to adjust myself, and I noticed that I was in some sort of basement, and a big one too. The walls were concrete, and the floor was decorated with dull green carpet. I was adjucent to the staircase I thought was there, directly in a corner like my chair. On the corner next to mine was a bunch of bookshelfs, with miscellanous knacks. A table was in between me and the shelves, and it had a few bottles on it, along with some pots and a small chemistry kit. On the other corner was a billards table that had some beer bottles, along with a little fridge next to it.

I skipped a heart beat when I saw the pipe on the wall, between the staircase and the billards table. There were two handcuffs on the pipes, and a small toolbox was on the floor. I also happened to notice some stains in front of the handcuffs. Not like blood, the floor was still kind of green. It was a liquid though, it looked spread out like liquid, as if something was spilled on the floor.

In the excitement of the moment, I didn't notice the girl who turned on the lights. I only noticed her until she began to approach me.

She was petite, and a little shorter than me, from what I could estimate. Her deep green eyes contrasted with her almost fluorescent skin and her deep red hair, tied in a ponytail behind her. Although she was petite, she had good breasts, based on the tight t-shirt she had. She had tight khaki shorts that went up a little above her knees, showing off her well-toned legs.

I couldn't help but blush as I looked at her from botton to top. She seemed to notice that, and she giggled in a cute and girly way, which made me blush even more.

"Looks like you had a good nap!"

