Very Short Stories - A Forum Game

Author: Bulge_Lover

*000*2018-10-04 06:15

I thought a fun game for all the writers here would be to see what kind of stories we can come up with using a very limited word count. Let's go with the size of a tweet - 280 letters. For an extra challenge, try it oldschool - 140 letters. You can use this online tool to see exactly how many letters you've used, and copypaste from there- https://wordcounter.net/

Remember, these are supposed to be stories. They should have a beginning, a middle, and an (at least vague) end. Please also include the number of characters you used.

Here's some of mine for now.

273: Veronica was so full. She had consumed two liters of water...four hours ago. Her bladder was rock-hard. She was sweating, shaking, and crying. One mile to go. A red light... It was too long. She exhaled, feeling warmth envelop her labia as she relieved herself in her seat.

137: She screamed out loud as he pressed on her bladder. She twisted her legs together, but it did not help as her pee sank down into her bed.

280: The movie was almost over. She moaned as another leak soaked her panties. A moment later, the credits rolled. She stood and limped to the stairs, gasping as her foot slipped on a step. She couldn't stop it. She sprinted out of the cinema, pee flowing from her skirt the whole way.

277: The Princess squeezed her womanhood under her thick dress. The feast had started an hour ago. Wine. Water. Ale. "How much longer?" she asked her mother, the Queen.

"Until evening, my dear," the Queen stated. The Princess began to cry, looking through a window at the rising sun.

280: "Kari, you're on," the director said. She nodded and stepped slowly onto the stage, her thighs damp and shaky. The curtains rose up, revealing an audience of hundreds. The backstage loo of the playhouse was broken. She hadn't had relief since morning. And yet the show must go on.

Alright, you all get the idea. I'll be posting more here eventually but I gotta sleep now. Hope to see some interesting stuff come morning.

&&&&&&&&

