A Certain Scientific Omorashi Story

Author: Railgun-sama

*012*2014-10-05 03:30

Foreword - Chapter 4 is out, da ze! Ah, but it's a bit shorter than the others! This just sets up some exposition for later chapters, and there aren't any really huge wetting scenes in this one (though there is a lot of minor desperation). This one jumps around a bit, so if there's anything you don't understand after you read, ask me and I'll either answer it or let you know that it will be answered in a later chapter.

Another thing I forgot to mention, Nakani's honorific for Junichi, which is -kyun, is a bit of a verbal tic. It's commonly just simply -kun. A lot of people who watch anime probably already knew this but I figured it would be useful to clarify anyway.

New Terms:

- Anti-Skill is basically the actual police. In the first Chapter's Foreword, I mentioned that Judgement was something of a police force, and while that's somewhat the case, it isn't entirely accurate. Judgement can catch criminals, but they can't make any actual arrests. Anti-Skill serves the same role as actual police in real life. Making arrests, conducting investigations, and providing security. Unlike Judgement, which is made up of students and some members have Esper abilities, Anti-Skill is made up of adults (mostly teachers) and their members do not have Esper abilities (it is not explicitly made clear if adults have Esper abilities at all, and whether or not Academy City is old enough that people with Esper Abilities would've become adults in the first place).

So, without further ado, let's get to the chapter!

Ch. 4

“Junichi-kyun! Who are you on a date with so suddenly?”

“Awawa! She’s not your girlfriend, is she?”

“Of course not! I swear I don’t even know her! I met her earlier today!”

“Junichi-kyun… how could you say something so cruel!”

“You… you weren’t fantasizing about me when you were already with someone, were you?”

“Ah… of course not! Here!”

Junichi filled up Kaede’s bladder with the water in the air and she instantly squirmed.

“W-what are you doing so suddenly!”

“Read my mind! I only just met her today!”

That was quite an awkward situation… she wound up wetting herself…

“Ahhh! Junichi, don’t think about such things when I have to pee!”

“WAIT! What the hell are you showing her, you cruel bastard!?”

“Junichi-san! You’re so cruel! Now I need the toilet!”

The situation was quickly spiraling out of control.

Junichi had reached the limit of his patience.

He had never used his powers for such things, but he immediately topped off the bladders of the two girls before him.

“A-ah!” they both cried, doubling over and becoming silent.

Junichi sighed and leaned back, “There’s a bathroom in the store across the street. Use it, calm down, and then when you’re ready to listen to me, I’ll explain the situation thoroughly.”

Kaede ran off almost instantly, but Nakani had opted to stay behind for a few seconds more.

“Before I go…”

Junichi suddenly found himself handcuffed to a nearby bike rack while the crazy twin-tailed girl ran off for the bathroom.

Junichi’s eye twitched.

“AH! You’ve got to be kidding me!”

Junichi, resigned to his current state, collapsed onto the concrete with a heavy sigh.

“Geez, it’s not like I was planning on running away or anything…”

As he sat chained to the bike rack like an abandoned bike, he felt something bump against his leg.

It was one of the drum-shaped cleaning robots that patrolled the city.

“Hey, sorry little guy,” Junichi apologized, “You’ve gotta work around me today.”

The robot maneuvered around his leg as it spun, brushes under its undercarriage cleaning the ground and a vacuum cleaning up any litter that might be there.

Junichi casually followed it with his eyes until it managed to catch something white poking out of the bushes near the bike rack. It didn’t quite snag it completely, so the spinning of the brushes merely flung it out of the open in front of Junichi.

He picked it up, thinking it was a stray piece of paper, but once he raised the trash up and let it unravel, he realized it wasn’t anything of the sort.

Instead, it was a pair of panties.

Not just panties, however, but a pair of panties that had been stained yellow and left to dry in the bush.

“Why was such a thing…?”

“A-ah! J-Junichi-kyun!?”

Snapping his eyes to the right, he noticed that Kaede and Nakani were both back, looking much more relaxed than they had been.

“Junichi-san… what are you… those are…!!”

Junichi realized what him holding up a pair of stained panties looked like, so he dropped them instantly and held his hands out defensively.

“Ah! No, you see,” Junichi began nervously, “It’s not like I was looking for something like this! The cleaning robot came by and-”

“Kenji-kyun!”

“Eh?”

“LET ME SEE YOU GRIT THOSE TEETH!”

Butt-monkey main characters are explaining… please wait warmly.

Kaede looked over at Nakani.

“So, you know Junichi-san?”

“Of course! Me and Junichi-kyun are bound by the red string of fate, ya know!”

Kaede looked back over at Junichi.

“Aaand you’ve never met her in your life?”

“I have absolutely no idea who she is.”

“Uwawawa! I have no idea what’s happening here!”

Nakani pointed an accusatory finger at Junichi, “Obviously he’s lying! You can’t forget my patented K-O Reset Nakani-PUNCH!”

She pumped her fist outwards to emphasize the last part, and while doing so inadvertently hit Junichi again.

“I’m telling you I have no idea who you are!”

Junichi glared at Nakani like she was insane and frowned.

“Both of you, please try to calm down a little!” Kaede yelled in an uncharacteristic manner.

She paused to take a sip of her drink, and Junichi pictured one of those scenes in an anime where the level-headed character was drinking tea in an intense situation.

She let out a refreshed “Ahh~!” and then turned her attention back to the conversation at hand.

“Nakani-chan, when did you first meet Junichi?”

“But she-“

Kaede shot Junichi a surprisingly effective death glare and he quieted down immediately.

“Ah, it was a while ago, but I remember it well!”

***

Five Years Prior (Maybe)

“Ah! What a lovely day! In Academy City! I, the great Level 3 and a half Esper Nakani-chan will have another great day!”

[ “Wait a minute, Level 3 and a half? That doesn’t make sense!” ]

[ “Shh! I’m tellin’ a story Damnit!” ]

[ “Hahaha… well, just let her continue, right Junichi-san?” ]

Indeed, the sun was shining on that day in the middle of summer break. Nothing could keep Nakani-chan’s spirits down as she rushed elegantly down the street.

For, you see, on that particular day, the cute and lovable young Nakani-chan had missed her train. Back then, Nakani-chan was a bit out of touch with the world and would often wind up being fifteen to twenty minutes late to things like meeting with her friends!

[ “’…was a bit out of touch’? As in, past tense?” ]

[ “Junichi-san, don’t be rude!” ]

[ “Eh!? Please don’t stare at me with such an uncute face, Kaede-san!” ]

Anyway, the cute, young Nakani-chan was running late, but she also faced another problem. See, she had woken up late that morning, so she didn’t have time to use the toilet before rushing off!

Anyway, our grand protagonist, Nakani-chan-

[ “seriously, stop with the ridiculous titles…” ]

- Made it to the station just on time. Ah, but that meant that she was unable to use the toilets after all. Ah! But then that person came along and helped her!

[ “That person?” ]

Yup! At that moment, the kind Junichi-kyun also stepped onto the train! Ah, but he was wearing glasses, then, no? But aside from that, he was definitely the same person as the Junichi-kyun here today!

Anyway, he gave me a friendly smile and told me that he’d solve my problems! Instantly, I no longer had to pee! I was saved from a desperate train ride thanks to Junichi-kyun! He told me his name and disappeared into the crowd. On that day, I vowed to hunt that person down and make him fall in love with me!

***

Present Day

“Ah! And that’s how it happened, you know!”

Junichi and Kaede both looked at each other and frowned.

“Ah, but… his abilities…”

“Yeah, I can’t move pee out of a girl’s bladder, I can just move water in…”

Nakani stared at at Junichi blankly with an idiotic smile on her face, as though she had not fully realized what the two were saying.

“A-ah! But that’s not… that Junichi-kyun and you looked exactly the same!”

Junichi leaned back and frowned, “Ah, but didn’t you say he was wearing glasses? I’ve never needed glasses, so it couldn’t have been me…”

Nakani frowned, “Ah, but… Junichi-kyun was…”

Kaede smiled and sweatdropped a little, “Besides, isn’t it silly to fall in love with someone for such a simple reason?”

“Ah… maybe…”

Junichi sighed in relief. The situation was resolved.

“Ah! But if this Junichi-kyun wasn’t the one who saved me back there, then it wouldn’t be shallow to say I love him, right!?”

Both Kaede and Junichi fell to the floor comically, with Nakani looking down at them both.

Junichi stood back up, “Hey, couldn’t you at least get to know someone before saying you love them?”

“Mfffph! That’s no fun at all! If I can’t flirt with them and punch them at all, what kind of boring friendship is that?”

“A-ah…” Junichi looked away, scratching his face, “I don’t think you’re supposed to punch people if you’re dating them either…”

Kaede sighed and looked up at the darkening sky.

“Ah, it’s getting late, isn’t it? We should head back to our dorms before curfew…”

Junichi nodded, then looked over at Nakani, “Ah, Nakani-san… you go to our school, right? Then shouldn’t your dorm be in the same direction?”

“Aah, no. See, I live with my older cousin at her apartment on the other side of District 7.”

“Ah, then I guess we part here, right?”

She nodded, turning around, “Yeah, bye, Junichi-kyun! Bye, Kaede-chan!”

As she parted ways with the other two, the golden sky slowly started losing its glow, heralding the night that would fill the city with darkness.

***

“Ha… ha… what’s wrong with me all of a sudden?”

Kaede was sprawled out on her bed, lying on her back with her legs crossed and her hand jammed between her legs.

“Ha… ha… even though the toilet’s just in the other room… why?”

She recalled Junichi’s words from earlier and frowned.

“Nothing, but I mean… technically, with me around, if you want to focus your ability, you don’t have to hold it. You can go whenever you need to, and then whenever you feel like you want to use your ability, you can ask me to fill your bladder up so you can use them, right?”

She knew he was right. She could rely on him from now on and everything would be fine. She no longer had to skip going to the bathroom before school just so she could use her power once or twice throughout the day.

Yet she was oddly disappointed.

“Why… am I… holding it?”

She rolled over and pressed her hands into her crotch.

“Ha… ha… I can go… I can go any time… than why am I…”

“Hehehe… that girl…”

Kaede froze in her thoughts and held her breath. Whose thoughts were those?

“She’s a cutie, you know! I’ve been stalking out this area for a while. I think she’d make for a nice night!”

Kaede didn’t have to probe further to know what the mysterious person meant by his words.

“Oho!! How will I dispose of her afterwords, I wonder? I suppose I could strangle her… that’s nice and clean. Oh… but isn’t it more fun if there’s a lot of blood!?”

Kaede’s heart was pounding at this time. She had no idea what was going on, but the voice was very clearly near enough for her to hear. Not only that, but images of herself from someone else’s perspective flashed through her mind as she probed around to get a clue as to where the person was.

Suddenly, she found it, what the person was seeing right now.

A-ah! That’s my toilet! He’s in my house!!

“Ah, but hasn’t it been a while since she came home!? Normally she winds up rushing straight to the toilet and wetting like a dog! Ah well, its fine. Even if I have to wait here for hours, she’ll have to go eventually!”

Kaede frowned. Unfortunately, the shady man hiding in her own W.C. was right. She had to go to the toilet pretty badly.

Ah! But I’ll have to hold it! I need to call Anti-skill!

Luckily, her would-be assailant had left the door closed, so he wouldn’t be able to see her leaving.

Kaede, with her hand still jammed in her skirt, slowly rolled off of her bed and tiptoed toward the door, her phone in hand.

I have to be quiet! I can’t let him know I’m leaving!

In order for her to open her door quietly, she’d have to be very careful unlocking it. Such a delicate procedure would undoubtedly require both hands, and she was forced to let go of her crotch.

She instantly bit back a moan. She hadn’t realized how badly she had to go until just now.

Please! Just a bit longer!

She slipped out of her house and broke off in a run without bothering to close the door behind her. Instantly she heard the would-be assailant curse and rush out of the house, but she was already home free.

As she ran, she fumbled around and tried to dial Anti-skills emergency number as fast as she could and pressed the phone to her ear.

Just then, however, she tripped in her rush to escape and was sent crashing down to the ground. She felt her full bladder lose a spurt of urine and watched as the phone slid across the hallway, just out of her reach.

As if to make matters worse, she heard the sound of footsteps behind her.

“Ah, you found me out, huh? Guess you must be some sort of Esper…”

The man’s voice wasn’t overly rugged or grizzly. In fact, when Kaede turned around, he was rather well dressed.

Of course, even well dressed, presentable people could still have terrible intentions.

“I’m going to do so many naughty things to her, then kill her and throw her away like a used rag!”

It took all of Kaede’s composure not to piss herself from the man’s thoughts alone.

She crawled backwards away from the approaching man, only to feel her back press against the corner of the outdoor hallway that wound its way around the outside of the student dorms.

The man smiled as he leaned over and caressed Kaede’s cheeks.

His hands were as cold as ice.

“Now now, girlie! I won’t hurt you if you cooperate…”

“I could cut her up into tiny pieces and scatter her for the cleaning bots to pick up and incinerate! No one will find her!”

Kaede closed her eyes tightly as she felt another spurt escape into her panties.

I’m going to wet myself in front of someone like this guy!! He’s going to violate me and kill me!

“My my,” a new voice spoke from behind the nicely dressed man, “What a thing to do to a girl.”

“J-Junichi-san!?” Kaede looked up hopefully.

The person who had just appeared and made the well-dressed man freeze in his tracks definitely looked like Junichi. But like Nakani’s story earlier, he was wearing a set of particularly fancy looking glasses.

“Who the hell are you!? Trying to play hero?”

The nicely-dressed man whirled around and punched the Junichi look-alike in the face.

In this instant, who things happened.

One, Kaede’s bladder no longer felt full-to-bursting. She still definitely had to pee, but she was no longer on the brink of wetting herself.

Two, a barrier of high-pressure water appeared in front of the Junichi look-alike’s face, catching the man’s fist and stopping in its tracks.

“W-what the!?”

“Ah, Thank you, Kaede-chan…” the Junichi look-alike smiled, “If it weren’t for your bladder, I wouldn’t have been able to stop this guy.”

“Oi! Don’t get cocky just because you managed to stop one of my punches!”

Junichi’s bespectacled doppelganger shot the well-dressed man a dark glare.

“Sorry,” he spoke in a mocking tone. He held out his hands and a high-pressure jet of water shoot out like a bullet and pierce through the man’s torso, “I was under the impression you had already lost.”

Kaede gasped and covered her mouth with her hands, but the Junichi look-alike simply smiled and shook his head. “I missed his vital organs. And I’ve already called Anti-skill, they’re on their way over.”

Junichi’s doppelganger placed his foot over the railing of the outdoor hallway and looked out over the city before turning back to Kaede.

“A-ah, you might not have to go anymore, but you’re bladder’s still at 45% and Anti-skill will want to interview you. I’d empty out before you have to sit through that with a full bladder.”

And with that advice, the Junichi look-alike took off and disappeared into the night.

***

“Has that person returned, do you think?”

A female scientist walked up behind a flustered female lab assistant as she flipped her long black hair elegantly over her shoulder.

“Ah, it’s entirely possible,” the lab assistant said in a distracted manner, “Looking over the footage, I doubt anyone not part of that project would possess skills like this.”

“You seem, tense…” the scientist noted as though she hadn’t paid any attention to what her lab assistant just stated, “You should… relax…”

“A-ah! But if I do that, it’ll come out!”

“You can’t go around work all stiff like that, right?”

“A-ah… then… let me…”

“Oho? You want to use the toilets? You obviously don’t understand. It’s because of that man, Yokuda Junichi, that we hold it you know?”

“Y-yes… I understand…”

“On that note,” The scientist smiled as she leaned over and whispered into her lab assistant’s ear, “I’m bursting too.”

At those words, the Lab Assistant simply couldn’t hold it in anymore. With a loud moan and hot breaths, urine streamed out from between her legs and soaked the chair she was sitting on.

“Oh my, oh my! Doing such things while I’m desperate too!” the scientist squirmed around as if to emphasize her need.

“I… I’m sorry! I couldn’t hold it!”

“Its fine, isn’t it? Once you’ve completed your training, you’ll be able to walk around desperate without giving anything away. We are the Reservoir! We are Yokuda Junichi’s silent protectors!”

To be continued…

*018*2014-10-08 00:00

Foreword - Alright guys, the next chapter has arrived! Thanks for all the encoraging words of support! I'm glad you're all liking the story so far, and I'm glad some of you are To Aru fans to boot!

This chapter focuses mostly on Junichi and Kaede, but we do see a little bit of that strange bespectacled "Yokuda" as well. (I've decided to call him by his surname since he shares a given name with Yoshida Junichi). I feel that overall, it's probably a nice break from the intensity of the last chapter, but this might be one of the last breaks we get!

As for spoilers and terms, there's just the one bit about Tokiwadai, which is the middle school the "Railgun" Misaka Mikoto herself goes to, as well as another Level 5. And as for losing track of characters, well, let's just say their roles are pretty much planned out and if they wind up with nothing to do it's probably because they need a break from all the action.

Ch. 5

Yoshida Junichi was not expecting to get a call from Kaede in the middle of the night.

In fact, he didn’t even remember ever exchanging numbers with her, but not only did she have his number, but her number registered as “Imazuma Kaede” on his phone as well.

He shrugged it off and flipped his phone open, “Hey? Kaede-san?”

“A-a-ah… Ju-Junichi-san… I… I just wanted someone to talk to…”

Her voice sounded incredibly shaken up, and Junichi was instantly filled with concern.

“What’s wrong!?” he asked urgently, sitting up in his bed immediately.

“A-ah… well… I almost got attacked…” she spoke, shuddering as though recalling the traumatic experience, “Someone was waiting in my bathroom for me when I got home. He was going to… violate me and kill me… I could read his thoughts… I don’t…”

She sounded choked up, like she was holding back tears.

Instantly Junichi was filled with rage. Even though he was completely weak with an Esper power that had no function in combat, he had decided that Kaede was one of those people he wanted to protect with what little power he had. Even though he was a distant admirer up until today, he had made that decision a while ago.

Now that they were becoming friends, that feeling was only strengthened.

“What!?” He half-asked, half-yelled into the phone, “Where is that bastard now!?”

“A-ah…” Kaede seemed to calm down, “He… he’s in the hospital…”

“…….”

Have I underestimated Kaede’s strength as a human being!?

“Junichi-san, you’re still there, right?”

“A-ah, yeah, I guess I just wasn’t expecting such things from Kaede-san!”

“A-ah! Nono! I didn’t…! I wasn’t the one who injured him!”

Junichi felt relieved and jealous at the same time. He was glad that he wouldn’t have to adjust to a Kaede-san with an inner fighting aura that would come out whenever she was pushed into a corner, but he also felt jealous that he wasn’t the one to protect her.

“In fact… the person who did looked a lot like you…”

That caught Junichi’s attention.

“Wait… don’t tell me…”

“Y-yeah, he was wearing glasses, just like Nakani-chan said…”

“Ah, so does that mean-”

“Y-yeah… his powers… they’re opposite of yours… except…”

“’Except’?”

“His powers… are more offensively oriented than yours.”

That was it.

Junichi didn’t like this guy.

Whoever he was, he was walking around with his face and more useful powers.

But he couldn’t really bring himself to hate someone that had saved Kaede’s life.

“A-ah… there’s one more thing…”

“Hm?”

“I… I don’t want to stay at my dorm alone… so…”

No.

This wasn’t happening.

This absolutely couldn’t be happening.

No one in the world was this fortunate.

That day, through pure coincidence, he had managed to grow closer to his crush, despite having only acted upon his perversions. He had narrowly avoided developing a harem (probably) by convincing Nakani that he wasn’t who she thought she was, and she shouldn’t fall in love with someone so trivially (he hoped), and while Kaede had nearly been killed, she was saved and she wanted to confide in him.

“Ah, so if it’s not too much trouble… ca-can I stay at your place for the night?”

Junichi’s heart stopped.

“S-sure,” he answered, trying his best to be calm.

Junichi could hear the smile in Kaede’s voice as she said, “G-great! Ah, it’s just across the street, so I’ll be fine walking on my own! I’ll be over in a few.”

As she hung up, Junichi closed his phone and let out a yell at the risk of wetting off his neighbors and Kaede herself hearing.

“SUCH FORTUNE~!”

***

Yokuda Junichi collapsed as he tried to support himself against the wall.

“D-damn… this body too… it’s at its limits…”

The form of Yokuda Junichi became obscured as the surface of his body liquefied temporarily, and his true form was revealed.

A corpse, surrounded by water. His clothes, his hair, everything was a mirage created from subtle refractions of light created on the surface.

The only thing that remained solid were the glasses that served as the link between Junichi and his “body”.

The female scientist from before approached the weakening Yokuda and smiled.

“It’s fine. We’ve already intercepted the ambulance with your new body in it. Such a despicable person, from what you’ve reported. Ah, but telling that girl you missed his vitals even when you aimed for his liver. How cruel.”

“I don’t give a shit about that,” Yokuda frowned, “It’s only temporary… at least until I can once again reunite with that person…”

“Oh my, are you still on about that?” the scientist smiled, “Really, Junichi-kun… with the Reservoir surrounding you and that more permanent solution in development, can’t you leave that innocent kid alone?”

Yokuda frowned in silence before turning his head away from the scientist, “There’s a difference between ‘innocent’ and ‘ignorant’… Yoshida Junichi… he’s not innocent at all… merely ignorant of everything that has happened to us.”

***

Kaede was lying awake in Junichi’s futon as he slept on the sofa in the other room.

Junichi’s dorm was a lot bigger than hers. It consisted of two small rooms instead of one, and while it would probably be a bit cramped for two people, it was more than enough to accommodate a single high school student.

She expected this, of course. The size of a student’s dorm was influenced by two things; their level as an Esper and their school. Tokiwadai, the only school in Academy City with not one but two Level 5 students, also had strict dorm policies that pretty much meant everyone got the same kind of rooms regardless of level.

Their school only had two different sized dorms to offer; one was given to Level 0s, 1s, and 2s, while the other was given to Level 3s and 4s.

Once, in an attempt to motivate students into trying to expand their abilities and hopefully produce a Level 5, they built a luxury “penthouse” dorm. Presumably, the first Level 5 in their school’s history would claim it as their own.

At any rate, she felt uncomfortable sitting here in Junichi’s bed while he slept in the other room. She offered many times to take the sofa instead, even insisting that she enjoyed sleeping on them (she didn’t, but she was trying to be polite), but Junichi stood his ground.

“I’m not going to sleep in the same room as you and I’m not going to let you take the couch!”

He had spoken those words with such conviction that Kaede realized it would be helpless to argue her point any further.

Still, something about his words made her smile.

He had a crush on her. She knew this from his own thoughts. She had known for quite a while, in fact, but it had only been today that she mustered the courage to tell him the truth.

Yet even though he had feelings for her, he still refused the notion to sleep in the same room as her. Maybe it was because he had a crush on her that he wanted to avoid just that. Either way, he had put her above any potential thoughts or desires he might have.

It was such a simple gesture, and yet…

Kaede felt her heart speed up involuntarily.

Junichi-san… am I starting to like him back?

“I don’t think I’ll be able to sleep in this situation!”

That was Junichi. She was absentmindedly reading his mind.

W-wait! But if I can read his mind, that means…

She grabbed her stomach subconsciously. Did she have to go? It didn’t feel like she had to.

“I thought that Kaede-san staying at my house was an impossible stroke of luck, but I can’t stop thinking about her! She’s gotta be curled up cutely on my futon! Or maybe she’s one of those sleepers who splays out as though there’s nothing to worry about in the world…”

Kaede found herself blushing. As a mind-reader, she was accustomed to people having much worse thoughts about her (case and point, what happened earlier). By contrast, most of Junichi’s thoughts were mild in comparison, and the ones that weren’t… well…

I… I might have… enjoyed some of those thoughts as well…

Did Kaede return Junichi’s feelings? She had been so focused on the fact that he had a crush on her that maybe she just never noticed her own feelings.

Or maybe I just always wanted him to confess to me…

She found herself shaking her head once again. Now was absolutely not the time to be considering her feelings for Junichi.

Ah, I better get to sleep… even though tomorrow’s a Saturday, I should get some rest…

With those thoughts, she closed her eyes, and sleep quickly overcame her.

***

Kaede couldn’t remember a time she had woken up so absolutely desperate.

“Ah… maybe I did need to go last night after all!”

Kaede couldn’t quite tell if she had woken up to the sunlight filtering in through Junichi’s bedroom window, or if it had been her full-to-bursting bladder that had finally jolted her awake.

Either way, she needed to go. NOW.

“Uwahh! This is bad!”

She didn’t care if Junichi was in the other room or not. She grabbed herself openly with both hands and emerged from his bedroom.

“Toilet… toilet…” she muttered to herself, as it somehow chanting that word would help her hold on.

Last night, Junichi had the foresight to show her where the sole bathroom in his dorm was. Even though he had a bigger dorm, his shower and toilet were in the same room in a western style, as opposed to separate like more traditional Japanese architecture.

This was a problem, for as she neared the closed door, she could hear the running water of his shower.

N-no! This can’t be happening!

Kaede frowned and danced around in desperation.

Ah… I can hold it! I can hold it!

She tried to convince herself of this as she squirmed around and squeezed her thighs together. Her face was flushed bright red, both from the effort of holding it in and the fact that she was doing a full on pee dance like a little kid in her friend’s dorm.

She grabbed the edges of the long t-shirt she had brought over to sleep in and bunched them up as she pressed her hands up against her crotch. She wasn’t wearing anything but panties underneath the shirt, but it was long enough that under normal circumstances it covered herself as though she were wearing a dress.

Now, however, with her holding it in fistfuls and in a full out dance of desperation, the edges were riding up and her grey-and-white striped panties could be seen if she doubled over far enough.

“Ha… ha… I’m almost at my limit!”

Her bladder felt like a rock from the outside and like an over-filled balloon on the inside. Her body was beginning to shake in her efforts to hold it in.

She crossed her legs and bounced up and down. She wasn’t sure how long Junichi had been in there, but he couldn’t take too long, right?

“Ah, if he doesn’t hurry up, I’ll…”

She didn’t want to say it.

Despite the dozens of close calls she’s had since she discovered how to control her powers, she’s never once actually wet herself. There was that one time she peed through her panties, but she was over the toilet, so that didn’t exactly count in her mind.

“Ah....!”

Her whole body stiffened up as a short leak escaped into her panties. It wasn’t enough to soak them through completely, but she doubted they’d be able to hold another spurt like that.

She was on the verge of wetting herself in Junichi’s dorm.

She dropped to the floor and jammed her heel against her strained pee hole. Such a last-ditch effort would no doubt lead to consequences later, but she was oh so close to wetting herself that she wanted to do whatever she could just to hold on a bit longer.

“Ha… ha… ha… not good… I’m going to…”

Suddenly, the door to the bathroom opened, and Junichi emerged, hair wet, but otherwise fully dressed.

He had the foresight of bringing his clothes with him into the bathroom in case Kaede woke up while he was in there.

He didn’t, on the other hand, expect to be greeted with the sight of a squirming and whimpering Kaede sitting on the floor of his dorm room, looking like she was about to cry.

Junichi, being accustomed to the sight and knowledgeable about female desperation in general, did not take long to figure out what was going on.

“A-ah, Kaede-san! I’m sorry!” he apologized, “I shouldn’t have taken a shower before you woke up like that!”

She didn’t respond, and for a second he was afraid she was upset at him.

But in the next second, he noticed her body shaking and shuddering, and she muttered something he didn’t quite catch.

“W-what was that?”

“I… I can’t… move…”

Junichi could tell she wasn’t lying. She was at her very limit.

“I… I really can’t move…”

“Ah,” Junichi made his way over to her, “Here… let me help you up, slowly.”

“D-don’t… touch me… I’ll… if I move at all, I’ll…”

“Hang in there, Kaede-san!” Junichi replied.

“It’s… I can’t… I can’t hold it anymore… I’m going to… ahh!”

She was already on the ground, but still managed to double over until she was almost curled up into a ball on the floor. Both of her hands were jammed between her legs and her body was shaking constantly at this point. Her heel was pressing firmly against her crotch and her eyes were filling with tears.

Her bladder was so full that if she so much as tried to get up she’d wind up peeing right there.

Yet she couldn’t hold it anymore either.

She found herself in that paradoxical situation that no desperate girl wants to be in. That point where moving at all would be enough to make you lose it, but there was no way you could hold it in any longer.

She was stuck. It was a catch-22, and there was no way out.

Her eyes widened, and even as she jammed her hands so hard into her crotch her knuckles became white, she realized that it was already too late.

“I… can’t… I just can’t hold it anymore! It’s… ah! It’s coming out!”

It began as a trickle, one that, despite her resignation, she tried her best to stop. She felt the pee slowly soak into her panties in a small yet steady stream, then soak through completely and begin running in small rivulets around her heel.

She was still trying to stem the flow at this time, and while she did manage to stop it for the briefest of moments, with no way to so much as move from her position, there wasn’t any way she was going to make it to the bathroom.

In the next moment, her hold failed completely, and her pee gushed out of her forcefully against her will.

“No… no… I can’t… stop it…!”

Cascades of yellow liquid gushed out around her heel and fingers as she still held herself, though no longer trying to stop the flood that had already started. It pooled around her and soaked her legs and feet as well as she sat there.

Tears fell from her eyes as her face turned an even deeper shade of red, until it was almost purple.

Even as the puddle grew, she still peed. She was almost surprised that she hadn’t wet Junichi’s futon with how much she’d actually been holding.

Even after her bladder was completely empty, she still sat there, silently.

“Ka-Kaede-chan?” Junichi asked. He usually refrained from calling her “–chan”, so hearing it in this situation only made Kaede feel more vulnerable and embarrassed.

“I… I’ve never… I… I… I…”

She seemed genuinely and completely unable to formulate a coherent sentence.

Then the tears started.

Small drops that fell from Kaede’s eyes and blended in with the pool of urine already on the ground.

“A-ah! Kaede-chan!” Junichi exclaimed, “It… it’s okay!”

He helped her stand up so she wasn’t sitting in her own puddle and tried his best to comfort her.

“Kaede-chan! There’s nothing to be worried about! Really!” he offered, “You wet yourself because I was hogging the bathroom! That’s my fault! No one else saw you but me, and you know me! I’m not going to think you’re disgusting because if it!”

Despite his words, the tears kept falling.

Or rather, more accurately, Kaede wasn’t even listening to his reasoning.

One thing was for sure, he absolutely couldn’t stand seeing Kaede like this.

The next thing Kaede noticed was two arms wrapping themselves around her.

“H-huh?” she exclaimed, still crying.

Junichi had pulled her into a hug.

“Sorry,” he apologized, releasing her, “I wanted to wait until I knew if you were comfortable with something like that, but you weren’t listening to me.”

Junichi had just apologized for hugging her to comfort her because he was worried he had made her feel uncomfortable.

To Kaede, that was so stupidly considerate of him that she couldn’t respond in any other way but hitting him lightly.

“I should be the one apologizing,” she spoke lightly, “I… I don’t know what came over me.”

“You’ve never wet yourself before, have you?”

Kaede blushed and found herself lapsing into that rare harsher side that came out every once in a while.

“O-of course I haven’t! What kind of person do you think I am, idiot!”

Junichi started laughing at this, which only made Kaede more frustrated.

“W-what’s so funny!?”

“You’re like a reverse tsundere…” Junichi pointed out, “You’re usually very calm and polite, but once you feel comfortable around someone, you’re fine yelling at them and calling them an idiot.”

“W-what!?” Kaede blushed. She wanted to deny it, but he was right, in a way.

“Ah, but I think both sides of Kaede are cute.”

Kaede froze.

She could hear Junichi’s thoughts.

She has just wet herself. There was no way she was still desperate, and she wasn’t in pain, but she could here Junichi’s thoughts clear as day.

What’s going on? Why is this happening all of a sudden?

“Kaede-chan!?” Junichi asked, waving his hands in front of Kaede’s eyes.

She snapped out of her thoughts and looked over at her host.

“A-ah, what?”

“I said you should probably take a shower.”

Kaede blushed again and nodded.

“R-right!”

Without hesitation, Kaede made her way into Junichi’s shower and closed the door before getting undressed.

Even as she stood there, washing herself off, she held one thought constant in her mind.

I’ve really only been acquainted with Junichi-san up until recently… can… can I really be falling for him like this?

To be continued…

*023*2014-10-11 04:53

Foreword - This chapter's a bit on the short side, but a lot happens, so buckle your seat belts and keep your hands and legs in the vehicle at all times.

Oh hey, look, a wild canon character appeared!

As for spoilers, there's not really anything, but I mean, as a general rule this series kind of touches upon the dark side of Academy City, so if you're not too familiar with that bit, you might want to proceed with caution.

I guess it also spoils some mild stuff about the nature of said canon character, so proceed at your own risk.

I don't think there's any new terms here, but if you find one I've missed I'll clarify.

So, without further ado, let's get to the story!

Ch. 6

For most students in Academy City, Saturday morning was a day to sleep in and hang out with friends.

“Hiya!”

The sound of cracking wood echoed out as Nakani kicked a wooden dummy. She had set up a circle of them around her underneath a bridge next to the river.

The dummy broke in half and fell over, but in the next moment, it was whole once again.

“Haaa!”

Another dummy broken, then reset before it could hit the ground.

For normal students in Academy City, Saturday was a day to sleep in and hang out with friends.

But then again, Nakani had never been a normal student.

The twin-tailed girl was wearing a gym shirt and track shorts, and had a sweatband tied around her head. She was sweating a bit by this point, but the morning was young and it didn’t seem like she’d been out for too long.

“Man, I’m so pumped!” Nakani yelled, punching another dummy.

With a satisfying crack, the dummy’s head snapped straight off. This time, Nakani let it fall to the ground as she grabbed her water bottle and took a huge swig.

“Aaaahhhh~! Refreshing!” she sighed, leaning back in the shade cast by the large bridge overhead, “A short break wouldn’t hurt!”

To Nakani, the absolute best way to cool off from a training session was taking a short dip in the river nearby. There was hardly anyone around, and from a distance her underwear could pass off as a swimsuit, so she headed towards the river, stripping down in the process.

However, something made her stop.

A corpse.

A pale-grey corpse that looked like it had seen better days, tossed into the river and discarded.

She hadn’t even noticed.

In that moment, Nakani let out a scream.

***

“You dumped the body in the river!?”

The angry tone of Yokuda Junichi was not lost on the scientist he was talking to. It had been the same scientist from before— the one with black hair— but she seemed visibly more distraught.

This was likely a combination of her being on the receiving end of Yokuda’s anger, and her full bladder, which despite her standing still without the slightest indication of a quiver was visibly poking out even under her shirt and skirt.

“My apologies… I was unaware of the… faulty disposal protocols our cleanup team possessed. It seems they have gotten a few new members in and they-”

“They what? Are they trying to get us caught!?” Yokuda asked, “Didn’t you think to check where they were dumping the bodies ahead of time?”

“Ah… no… sorry,” the scientist lowered her head, “I was… overconfident in my staff…”

Yokuda frowned and gritted his teeth.

“You… you kept his clothes…”

Yokuda looked over at the scientist as she spoke.

“The nicely-dressed man,” the scientist clarified, “you kept his outfit.”

Indeed, Yokuda was clad in the nice dress clothes the man who had tried to attack Kaede had been wearing. The hole he had created in the dress shirt had been seamlessly stitched up and all traces of blood had vanished.

“Yeah, suits me, doesn’t it?”

The scientist blushed and nodded silently.

In the next moment, Yokuda had grabbed a handful of her hair and turned her face roughly back towards his.

“I’m not done with you yet. I’m still mad as hell about that shit with the body. I’m going out, so I’m going to need an escort so I can use my powers whenever I want.”

The scientist already knew where this was going.

“Very well, I will prepare to leave immediately.”

***

“Ah, it’s… Anti- huh? Judgment?”

Nakani had waited patiently on the bank of the river, once again clad in her work-out clothes.

It had been an Anti-Skill van that had pulled up, but the people who had stepped out of it were quite clearly members of Judgment. The member in the front was a very Spartan-looking woman, sporting short raven hair and muscles that made even the athletic and energetic Nakani-chan look like a fragile glass figure.

That wasn’t to say she wasn’t attractive. Indeed she also sported curves and had a surprisingly cute face despite its ever-constant glare.

She wore a terribly unfitting-for-her-appearance sailor style uniform, though unlike Nakani’s school’s predominantly white uniform, this one was a dark navy blue.

The two men beside her seemed to be talking amongst themselves with serious expressions on their faces, but Nakani couldn’t hear them nor was she terribly interested in what they could’ve been talking about.

“So, you’re the one who reported in, huh?”

Her voice was surprisingly soft for her appearance, but it didn’t take the edge off her serious tone.

“Yeah, ah… sorry… but I thought I told them I found a body… Isn’t this something Anti-Skill normally takes care of?”

“Oh? Haven’t you noticed already?” one of the guys behind her—a somewhat thin guy with spiky blond hair and a pair of sunglasses he was adjusting with one hand— grinned and stretched out his armband, “These armbands are black, that means we’re people you shouldn’t mess wit-gahhhkk!”

The blond haired guy doubled over and grabbed at his side where it had met the merciless elbow thrust of the muscular girl in front of him.

“YOU shouldn’t even be wearing one, Tsuchimikado! How the hell you got clearance to tag along as a temporary member of my branch is a goddamn mystery! The last thing I need is for you to run your damn mouth you piece of shit!!”

“Ah, but I wonder what that person would say if I told them I was treated abusively by such an un-ladylike captain.”

He spoke these words with a glint of light reflecting off his sunglasses, and the muscular girl reluctantly turned back around to face Nakani.

Of course, not before shooting him one of the most fearsome death-glares Nakani had ever witnessed.

“Anyway, what that lousy sack of shit behind me was trying to say was that we are authorized to deal with criminal murder cases, even though we are just Judgment members.”

“Ah, cool, so are you like, elites or something like that?”

“We aren’t authorized to disclose that information. My apologies. Please treat my branch as though they were fully fledged members of Anti-skill, and answer any questions we ask. Do you understand?”

“Y-yes!”

***

“Shit! That’s an Anti-skill van!”

Yokuda cursed as he watched the investigation from afar.

“Ha… ha…”

The scientist behind him was forced to lay on her stomach as to avoid detection, but such an action was putting undue pressure on her already full bladder.

Yokuda looked closely at the investigation team.

“W-what!? Judgment!? What the hell is Judgment doing there?”

“Ha… ha… ah… our intelligence… suggests that… ha… there’s a secret branch of Judgement. Ha… It’s… oohhh… They operate… ahhh…. With the full authority of Anti-skill… ha… Some evidence suggests they work behind the scenes as well…”

“Would you stop with that!? I can’t follow you if you keep moaning like that!?”

“S-sorry… ha… but I’m at my limit…”

With the inability to hold herself in this position, the scientist could only try in vain to shake her legs in an attempt to get a better position to hold it.

The investigation team, meanwhile, had moved the body and disappeared from Yokuda’s line of sight.

“Tch,” Yokuda frowned, “Let’s move in closer.”

The scientist, all too eager to get off her aching bladder, immediately stood up and jammed her hand between her legs.

“Would you quit it with that!? It’s distracting!” Yokuda frowned disapprovingly at his escort’s inability to refrain from such actions.

“I… I’m sorry… It’s just…” the scientist stopped, “I really… I can’t hold on anymore.”

Her rock hard bladder was very much visible and indeed very large. It was not questionable that she was at her very limits when it came down to it. She was panting and sweating noticeably, and she could not keep still for a second.

“You are going to hold it!” Yokuda demanded, “Thanks to that stupid limitation of my ability, I need this to be full to use my powers at all!”

Yokuda poked her distended bladder, to which she let out a squeak-like moan and doubled over.

If the scientist didn’t know better, Yokuda was starting to enjoy this. In fact, it looked as though he had decided to disregard the investigation completely.

“I doubt they’ll find out anything useful,” Yokuda admitted, “but just in case, I need to be able to use my powers whenever, don’t you understand?”

“Y-yes… but…” the scientist started.

“So, you are going to hold it, do you understand?”

“A-ah… but… I’ve been holding it… since last night…”

It was common practice for all the females in Reservoir to hold it while Yokuda was at the facility, and seeing as last night was the night he transferred bodies, she was unable to use the bathroom then either.

Yokuda grabbed her hair harshly once more, and she was forced to jam both of her hands between her legs to keep herself from losing it right there. The bespectacled Esper brought her head close to his and bared his teeth.

“You. Will. Hold it.”

“It’s… not possible…” the scientist moaned, “I can’t… I can’t hold it… please… let me... pee…”

Yokuda frowned, “perhaps you didn’t understand… I said you will hold it!”

The scientist doubled over and moaned loudly. It hadn’t looked like Yokuda had done anything, but he had removed a few drops of water from her bladder and had used them to form an impassible plug.

“Aaaahhhh…. It… it hurts! Please… stop… I… I want to pee!”

But even as the scientist moaned and tried to relax her bladder muscles, Yokuda’s water plug held and she was unable to relieve herself.

“Aaahh… it hurts!”

Yokuda frowned.

“Can’t you shut up for five seconds?”

“Pee… I have to pee…” the scientist moaned, barely responding to Yokuda’s question.

Yokuda gritted his teeth as he watched the Anti-skill van drive off. Apparently their investigation was finished.

“Tch,” he scoffed, turning to the scientist, “This is your fault!”

“Ha… ha… it… it hurts!”

Tired of the incessant whining from his escort, Yokuda cupped her cheek and glared at her.

“Beg.”

“Please… I want to pee… It hurts… let me pee!”

Yokuda frowned, “Do you know why you’re in this position?”

“B-because I was incompetent and failed my duties as the head of Reservoir…”

Yokuda shook his head, “That’s not quite right, is it?”

“A-ahh… it’s… it’s because I, as a member of Reservoir, belong to Yokuda-sama!”

Yokuda smiled, “That’s better. Now… what is it that you want from me?”

“I… I want you to let me pee…”

“That’s not very convincing…”

“I… I want you to let me… pee… I’m so full… if you don’t let me pee, my bladder will…”

“What? Say it.”

“A-aahhh! It hurts! If you don’t let me pee, my bladder’s going to burst!”

Yokuda dispelled the water plug and instantly pee began gushing out of the scientist forcefully. She had already loosened her hold on her overfull bladder, so all the pee she had been holding until then burst out of her in a powerful jet-like torrent.

The scientist leaned forward and grabbed onto Yokuda as her legs weakened out of the pure ecstasy of relief. Her legs trembled and her face was one of pure pleasure. Like that she clung to Yokuda Junichi until she was finished and her skirt and lab coat had been completely drenched in pee.

“Tch, clinging to me with such a slutty expression as you piss yourself…” Yokuda scoffed, turning around and leaving her standing there with weak knees, “Still, I can’t bring myself to get rid of you. So be grateful for that.”

***

“So, another corpse, huh?”

Tsuchimikado sighed as he leaned back in the back of the Anti-skill van. He was alone in the back, stuffed between some forensic equipment and the body bag they had stuffed the corpse into. The lights were off and the door to the front where the two actual members of Judgment sat.

Tsuchimikado didn’t mind this. It made his next job easier.

He flipped out his cellphone and pressed speed dial.

It rang exactly three times, and a familiar voice came through.

“Do you have it?”

Tsuchimikado looked over at the corpse, “Kinda…”

“What do you mean kind of?”

“Technically, Null Branch has the body, but technically I’m part of Null Branch right now.”

“…”

Tsuchimikado sighed. You always had to be so specific with this person.

“I’m in the back of the van alone with the body, and I’m not afraid to jump.”

“Very well. We’ve been tailing the van for some time now. We’ll reroute one of the traffic lights to give you an easy escape.”

“Oh, you’re already tailing me? How good is the driver you sent?”

“…. Why is that-”

As if the man on the phone realized why Tsuchimikado asked the question he did, he hung up abruptly.

The blond-haired boy made it to the back of the van and flung the doors open. This did not go unnoticed.

The door to the front where the two Judgment members sat flung open and muscle-girl glared at Tsuchimikado.

“What the hell are you doing, you piece of shit!?”

However, it was already too late. Tsuchimikado was standing at the back of the van, right on the edge, holding the corpse over his shoulder and flashing muscle-girl a peace sign.

“Bye-bye, Haruno-chan! You were uncute ‘til the very end!”

With the car behind them anticipating his next move, he jumped backwards onto the hood and the driver jammed on the breaks and pulled a sharp u-turn before speeding off.

To Be Continued....
