Dropped in a new world Arc 1

Author: lightman

*014*2018-08-03 19:02

Ch. 14

“How about we go shopping before we do anything else. I know Bab’s clothes are a bit tight so you might want to get something more comfortable,” I suggested to Ramonita.

She didn't say a word to me. She mostly just messed with her skirt trying to make it longer and hide the diaper she was forced to wear.

It was getting late, and there weren't as many people around so moving through town was a lot easier. I decided we needed to make 2 stops, First to get Ramonita better clothes.

Thankfully Elroy gave us 10 gold to help pay for anything we might need over the next few days.

We were in the store for about 45 minutes before Ramonita picked out 2 outfits and some pajamas. She was now wearing a yellow t-shirt with a long skirt and a jacket. She looked like a regular teen, well except for the diaper.

Next was a weapon. Unlike Bab, Ramonita can use both of her hands. In case it came down to it, she should at least have something to defend herself with. At first she didn't want to, saying that was my job, but i told her it was only for emergencies. Out of everything she only picked a dagger. Well, at least it was better than nothing.

With both errands done we went to get dinner at a small restaurant.

“Ramonita you do know you can talk to me right?” I tell her as we waited for our food.

She just sipped at her water.

I just sighed and decided to leave it alone for a while. When we get back to the room, I'll see if I can get Ramonita to talk to me.

Dinner was great, but Ramonita didn't seem to like it as much. Maybe a status type of thing. I just got her food into a doggy bag to save for later.

It was about 20 minutes later after dinner that I noticed something. Ramonita was slowing down.

“You ok?” I asked. She ignored me and tried to keep pace with me again.

We were passing another store when I saw something through the window, a Sleeping Bag. I've been hoping I could find one for a while. So far Bab and I have been taking turns using my sleeping bag while the other uses the mat and blanket.

I quickly go in, hoping to grab it before the store closed. Luckily the clerk told us we had plenty of time so I began to look for other supplies we might need.

All the while Ramonita began to grow anxious. She hasn't used the bathroom since she left her home earlier that day and hasn't seen a good time to go. She thought about going to the bathroom at the restaurant, but there were too many people, and she didn't want them seeing her carry a diaper into the bathroom. She was so focused on her need to pee she blocked out nearly everything else. She was hoping we would just go back to the hotel room fast so that she could use the toilet, but then I had to make this stop.

We walked around the store a bit until I notice Ramonita stopping and began to whisper something.

“Ramonita are you ok?” I asked and knelt down next to her.

Her face was glowing red, and sweat was starting to pour down her face. When she finally looked at me, she finally spoke.

“I have to pee,” she whispered before she grabbed her padded crotch and crossed her legs no longer trying to hide it.

“Oh shit,” I say as I try my best to lead her back to the cashier. “Excuse me, do you have a bathroom here?”

“I'm sorry, but that is for employs only.” the cashier told me.

“Can you please make an exception? my sister here really needs to pee,” I tell them as they look over to Ramonita who is now doing the peepee dance just trying to hold it in.

“I'm sorry sir, but it's store policy. We've had women sneak stuff into the bathroom and *ahem* ‘hide’ the items before leaving.” they told me.

“SHE'S 12! DO YOU THINK SHE'S GOING TO DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT!” I yelled. I then looked back at Ramonita, there was no way she would last much longer and no way she would be able to move far like that.

So dropping all the stuff I had I picked Ramonita into my arms, ironically princess carry Style, and ran out of the store. I had no idea where another bathroom was, but we were close to the inn if she could just hold it for only a few more moments.

“We're almost there, just try to hold it a little longer!” I tell her.

Luckily someone was just leaving the inn, and I was able to slip through with her and quickly run up the stars.

I opened my door and ran Ramonita right into the bathroom. We made it!

HHHIIIISSSSSS………

I stood there, in the middle of the bathroom holding a princess right in front of a toilet were her bladder gave out and flooded her diaper in my arms and a wet patch formed around the bottom of her skirt.

###

Bab wasn't really enjoying herself either. As soon as they arrived at the castle, she was rushed to the princess’ room.

Elroy had to tell all the staff that because of exceptional circumstances no one was allowed to see the princess for the next few days. He didn't want to risk anyone finding out Bab wasn't really her.

The princess’ room was large with a high ceiling. Bab looked at the bed and saw it was covered in stuffed animals.

“kvy lycrre rusyk vyl kjixxyz cpuqcrk,” Bab said out loud.

“What's that?” Sherry asked. Not understanding a word Bab said.

“pyhyl qupz,” Bab said as she shook her head.

Without the bracelet, no one could understand her. She had to give her bracelet to the princess earlier. She hoped she and sherry could form a bond so that they could talk but Elroy shot that down.

“The princess didn't have one, and if anyone saw you with one they will grow suspicious,” he told her on the way here.

“Well is there something you would like to do?” sherry asked Bab.

Sherry felt a bit awkward in this position. She never expected to be babysitting anyone in her life. Hell, she never expected to have to put a princess into a diaper in her life. Now she was in the princess' room with Bab who couldn't leave. She didn't know what to do.

“acp eoi vcpz qy qe bcasncas?” Bab asked as she pointed to her backpack that Sherry was holding onto.

Bab wasn't allowed to bring her clothes, but she did have some stuff in her backpack. Such as extra diapers, a bottle, her books and something Alex packed for her.

Bab pulled out one of her books and sat down at a table to read. She really didn't have much else to do.

“Um is there something you want me to do?” sherry asked Bab who shook her head no. “Okay then, well I'm going to talk with Noah outside. Come get me if you need anything.”

With that Sherry left the room, leaving Bab sitting at the table to read her book.

After a while, Sherry and Noah came into the room carrying trays of food. They then set them on the table and revealed them as dinner.

Steak with mashed potatoes, steamed veggies, and corn.

Both Sherry and Noah took a seat next to Bab as they began to eat their dinner and talk.

“Why aren't you eating?” Sherry asked Bab.

“u acpj iky qe vcpzk,” Bab told her and shook her hand.

“Ow right, Alex told us you couldn't use your hands. One sec I'll help you.” Sherry said as she cut up the stake and began to feed the girl.

“It must suck not being able to do that yourself,” Noah commented the obvious.

After a few minutes of eating Bab pulled out her bottle and had Sherry fill it to let Bab drink from it.

“You act just like a baby.” Sherry commented with a giggle as Bab then glared at her.

Once dinner was over Noah left as Sherry noticed a faint poor smell and looked over at Bab.

“U pyyz c avcpwy, nrycky,” bab said as she pointed to her diaper.

Sherry had a tough time with the diaper. Nearly throwing up when she untaped it. This made an already embarrassed Bab feel worse. She quickly tried to clean Bab up before taping on a new diaper.

But the diaper felt...off, somehow it just didn't feel right. But before Bab could say anything Sherry was already starting to undress Bab to put her into a nightgown.

“It's time for bed Bab. Noah and I will be right outside if you need anything.” Sherry told Bab as she helped put Bab into the massive bed before turning off the lights and leaving the room.

Bab laid in the dark with nothing but her thoughts. She hated this whole thing. She felt like she was back at the orphanage again. No one understanding her. Treating her like an infant.

She then got out of bed and using some electricity to see in the dark she went to grab her backpack and walked back to the bed. She unzipped it and pulled out the bear Alex packed for her and hugged it as she curled back up into the bed.

“u qukk Cryf,” bab said as she hugged the bear tightly looking forward to when this would all be over.

###

Ramonita’s face was a mixture of shame, confusion, and sadness. It wasn't long before she was bawling her eyes out.

“Shussh its ok, you're ok. Accidents happen,” I tell Ramonita as I set the girl down on her feet. “You're fine, you're safe.”

I continued to comfort her and rub her back until she finally stopped crying.

“Are you okay now?” I asked her. She nodded yes while sniffling. “Would you like some help?”

Ramonita just looked at me in confusion.

“Do you know how to change a diaper or would you like me to?” I asked her.

She didn't know how to change a diaper as she only let sherry put one on her earlier. She wasn't paying any attention to how it was done at the time. Just embarrassed that it was happening to her. With no response I just signed.

“Come with me, we don't want you getting a rash,” I told her as I stood up and took her by the hand and took her back into the main room.

First I shut the door I left open as I ran into the bathroom earlier before laying down a changing mat on the bed.

Next, I removed Ramonita’s wet skirt. Sherry must not know how to properly tape on a diaper. Ramonita let out a slight squeal as she tried to cover the massively soaked diaper.

“You don't have to worry, I'm already used to changing Bab,” I tell her as I help her onto the changing mat. I then pull out all the supplies I had. “Ok, I want you to pay attention to what I do. This way you'll be able to do it yourself later.”

I then proceeded to un-tape the straps and unfold the soaked diaper. Ramonita face was bright red, and she tried to cover her face with her hands.

“I'm going to have you wipe yourself clean,” I tell her as I hand her the baby wiped.

Once she was done with that, I removed the diaper and put a new one under her. Then I gave her the Baby powder and had her apply it to herself while Before I showed her how to tape the diaper up.

After that, I told her to change into her pajamas while I threw away her diaper and changed in the bathroom.

When I got out, Ramonita was already changed and in bed under the blankets as she stared at the wall.

“Ramonita would you like to talk about it?” I asked, not really knowing what to do in this circumstance.

With Bab, she can't change her diaper and is forced to use it. Ramonita, on the other hand, used hers on accident and could have changed her own diaper. Instead, a guy she doesn't really know just watched her pee into a diaper and changed them as well. She must feel like shit right now.

“I'm sorry,” Ramonita told me.

“Excuse me?” I replied not getting what she said.

“I'm sorry. because I didn't ask to use the bathroom this all happened,” she told me.

“Why didn't you just go at the restaurant?” I asked as I sat down on the bed right next to her.

“I didn't want to ask for a diaper and have people see me take it to the bathroom,” she explained.

“Why would you need to ask for one?” I asked her. She then lifted up her head to look at me in confusion. “You do know you can use storage too right?”

Her eyes went wide before she shoved her face into the pillow and started crying again, finally realizing this entire thing happened because she didn't know she could use storage.

“Hey, it's okay Ramonita, it was just a simple mistake,” I tell her.

“But, but” she stammered as she raised her teary face from the pillow.

“Ramonita, look at me. Do I look mad to you? It was just a mistake, and I promise it will never leave this room.” I tell her.

For the next 20 minutes, I continue to reassure her that she was ok and that her secret was safe with me. She even apologized for ignoring me earlier,

“Um, Alex?” Ramonita said as I pulled out my sleeping bag.

“Yes?” I respond.

“Can I make a request?” she asked.

“what is it?” I asked her.

“I can't sleep without a story,” she told me.

“Really?” I asked. She nodded.

This was a weird request, but I figured why not. I did have a problem however as I didn't know many stories. Then I realized I could just tell the plots of tv shows.

“This story is from my world,” I told Ramonita as I sat down on the bed next to her. She moved over slightly and looked at me. “Sugar. Spice. And everything nice. These were the ingredients chosen to create the perfect little girls…..”

###

Ramonita woke up in the middle of the night needing to pee. I was fast asleep in my sleeping bag as Ramonita got up and tiptoed past me into the bathroom.

Once in there she took off her pajama pants and looked down at the diaper she was wearing. The big yet strangely comfortable feeling it gave her. She didn't really understand it, but the diaper felt almost good.

She then felt a ting in her bladder and remembered she needed to pee. She was about to un-tape the diaper when a thought popped into her mind.

‘Why not use it?’

She wasn't sure if it was because she was half asleep or not but that thought did creep up on her.

Earlier she was too busy crying over the fact that she just peed herself that she didn't really notice how the diaper felt at the time.

After a moment of thought, she placed her hand on the front of the diaper and let go. She watched in amazement as the diaper drank up everything. Her hand feeling the warmth as it spread across the diaper.

Without knowing why she decided to give the diaper a little squeeze and actually enjoying the feeling!

“You having fun?” I ask her as she jumped and spun around to see me rubbing the sleep from my eyes and standing in the doorway.

“D-dint a-a-anyone tell y-you to knock?” Ramonita stuttered.

“Has anyone ever told you to shut the door all the way,” I told her and pointed at the door.

She was trying not to wake me, so she didn't close it all the way. What she didn't realize was the door slowly opening and the light from the bathroom shining on my face waking me up.

“I-I'm sorry,” Ramonita told me as she was on the verge of crying.

I just pat her on the head and yanked loudly. Not really caring what she was doing and just wanted to go back to sleep.

“It's fine, just tell me about it later,” I tell her before taking her back into the room and quickly changing her before tucking her back into the bead. “Good night princess.”

I gave her a pet on the head and then got back into my sleeping bag and went back to sleep, the princess just looking down at me, with a slight smile forming on her face.

Alexander March

Stats- lv14

HP-85 (+4)

Attack-43 (+3)

Defence-39 (+5)

Speed-48 (+2)

Regen-8 (+1)

Manna-40

Class-hunter

Skills-beast vision

Weapons- sword (C)

Element-ice

Partner- Ramonita Maynard

Stats- lv1

HP-35

Attack- 2

Defence- 3 (+100)

Speed- 2

Regen-1

Manna-5

Class-princes

Skills-royal blood

Weapons-dagger

Element- dark

Money ###

Gold 13)

Silver 14)

Bronze 1)

Copper

###

Elroy went to his chambers as he began to write a very important message.

“The deed will be done. We are ready.” Elroy wrote before sending the message by falcon.

‘It will all be over soon.’ Elroy thought as he laid down on his bed to get some sleep. He was going to have a long journey ahead of him.

*015*2018-08-16 20:10

Blake and Eva's side chapter. 1/3

“EVA! SLOW DOWN!” Blake yelled to Eva as she was charging through the woods in her ox monster form.

“I can't! We have to hurry and get this job done so I can see sissy!” Eva happily cried out.

That's when Blake noticed what was up ahead and jumped off of her just as she ran right into more trees.

“Eva, you okay?” Blake yelled as he got up and looked at what happened.

Eva had smashed right through the trees, not even caring they were there and continued to charge forward. If he was still on her, there's no doubt in his mind that impact would have killed him.

Blake just sighed as he watched Eva run off again leaving him behind. He would have to wait until she got too far away and realized what she did and goes back for him.

“You're so in trouble when you get back here,” he told himself as he dusted himself off and began to walk after Eva.

As he walked, Blake couldn't help think of the conversation he had with Alex not too long ago, about when he first met Eva.

### over 2 years ago.

Blake was excited. Both he and his partner Jeremy had finally joined a guild!. Pyāratā had about 63 members now including them.

Guilds always got the better jobs that paid better because they were more reliable than some random group from an inn or a mercenary. Blake was hoping that with the guild’s help he might be able to make a name for himself in the world finally. Possibly even be ready to go after a dark crystal when someone finds one.

“Hurry up and pick one, Blake!” Jeremy told him as he got a bit angry.

They have been looking at the job board for 20 minutes looking for the right job. They took turns picking the jobs they wanted to do and today was Blake's turn, and he wanted a good one.

There was one to take on giant Bees and kill their queen, a Gnoll was spotted just outside a small town, and lastly, the possibility that a Cockatrice might hatch from an egg and a town wanted to get rid of it fast. Each one sounded tremendous, but Blake was having a hard time deciding which to pick.

Just before he could pick a mission, a man ran into the guild and demanded to speak to the master. The master was an extraordinary one-armed man that ran the guild. The man handed the master a Guild level threat job.

The guild’s job listings are ranked from C, B, A, S, and Guild.

Any average person may take on the first three jobs as they see fit. The guild master holds onto the S jobs and only gives them to people he deems worthy to take them on. But the Guild level is worse. It's a threat that will take an entire guild just to deal with.

Not many of them are given out. Especially not on Misae.

With a threat this big the guild master called for all members of the guild to report back and to prepare for Battle.

57 total members showed up for this job. The only members not able to come were those already out on jobs or to far away to make it back.

“As you all know this job is a guild level threat. A monster has appeared out of nowhere and has started wreaking havoc on the village of Pipi. This threat isn't something to ignore. However, I will not force anyone to take on such a threat if they do not wish to do so. So you may leave the guild now if you do not wish to die.” the master told us.

I watched as three people left. Fearing for their own lives.

They were booed and yelled at as they left.

“Enough!” the guild master yelled. “They feared for their lives, their family’s lives. They may have left, but they had their reasoning. Now those of you remaining, go into town and get anything that may help you in this quest. Anything to make you even just a little stronger will be enough. Just get anything.”

We spent our entire savings on new gear. Anything that would boost our stats. We also got new weapons. I got an A class bow.

Jeremy however got a B class shield and sword, both with elemental magic engraved in them.

“If this job doesn't make a name for ourselves nothing will,” Jeremy said as he lit his sword on fire.

“I couldn't agree more,” I tell him.

The next morning the remaining 54 members marched their way to the monster. No one knows why it suddenly appeared, but some type of giant monster appeared in the mountain region of Pipi and has been sending all the monsters up there down the mountain.

This, in turn, leads to massive attacks by the monsters as they try to claim new territories and have already killed quite a few people. By executing this one monster hopefully, it should make things right once more.

When we reached the mountain where the monster was spotted, we began our search by having the hunters search the area for it. The hunters, however, were confused, all the tracks it had made it look like it was changing its size. Maybe it's not one monster but more?

When we did finally found the monster it shocked us all to see a wyvern! They shouldn't even be on this continent!

The wyvern was sound asleep bathing in the afternoon sun and didn't notice our arrival.

“Everyone get into positions. We attack it hard and fast before we search for possibly more of them.” the guild master told us.

Everyone split up into groups where they would be of use. Archer and mage class found higher ground where their attacks would do the most damage. While the others all circled the monster all ready to attack as soon as the guild master gave the order.

The master pulled out two things out of his storage. The first was a bucketful of water that he used to form a new arm for himself before picking up his battle ax.

“NOW!” the master yelled as the archers and mages fired their mightiest attacks at the monster.

All the attacks hit the wyvern dead on causing a massive explosion. For just a single moment I thought that would be enough to kill it.

But it just stood up and roared without so much as a scratch on it.

“CHARGE!” the master yelled as everyone surrounding the wyvern charged into battle.

I tried my hardest to keep shooting arrows, but I watched as the wyvern shrugged off every attack that hit it. Nothing we seemed to do could hurt the fucking thing! That is until the strongest of the guild managed to get a hit in.

Lynn Palmer, an ex-paladin managed to knock it back using a holy mace. The wyvern staggered a bit and before it could study itself. Earnest Hodges, the beast berserker went all out on pounding on it. He only stopped when Meghan Howard, the Saint finished charging her most potent attack, ‘Storm Preacher.' It was a small ball of heavily compressed air at the end of her staff that she threw at the wyvern.

The moment it made contact the ball exploded with a massive force that sent the monster straight into the mountain wall.

Those of us still left standing from the fight all walked closer to where the monster lay motionless. Its tail and left wing missing as blood poured out of it.

I looked around at all my fallen comrades. At least 30 of them lay dead on the ground, all killed by this damn monster.

I watched as Lynn, Earnest, Meghan, and the master all got close to the monster. The guild master was raising his Axe to make the finishing blow and end this monster's life once and for all.

But they all suddenly made a slight jolt before they all stopped moving. What was wrong?

“Humans….” I heard a gravelly voice say as we all watched the four strongest members of our gild suddenly began to rise in the air. “You...hurt….me….”

Suddenly my blood ran cold as I watched as something stood up out of the hole where the wyvern should have been. Instead, a different monster rose up. It was 8 feet tall with a humanoid body shape, instead of arms however it had two long tentacles on each arm. Each limb was piercing our heroes in the hearts as they are raised in the air. This monster had three eyes and a mouth that split sideways as it opened its mouth and let out an ear-piercing screech!

My body was cold except for the warm piss my bladder had just released as I watched the monster throw the bodies in the air and lunge at the rest of us!

The sounds of screams filled the air until Jeremy finally grabbed my arm and stabbed me back into reality. He yanked at me, and we both started running as fast as we could away from that thing.

We thought we had gotten away, we felt that if we could just get off the mountain then maybe we had a chance! But we went the wrong way and wound up on the edge of a cliff.

We tried to turn back and go a different way but behind us was that monster. Its body covered in our friend's blood as it slowly walked toward us.

“Humans hurt me....” I heard it say. I was too terrified to do anything.

“We’ve got to do something!” Jeremy said as we looked around.

There were only 5 of us left. All of us on the edge of a cliff with this monster blocking any way forward.

“Just hit it!” I yelled and began to use my wind magic to try to blow it away, but it still kept coming.

Suddenly everyone was using anything, and everything they had to kill it but nothing would hurt it.

“EARTHQUAKE!” I heard the man next to me yell as he slammed his fist into the ground.

###

I only woke up when I felt my arm in so much pain. As I looked at it, I could see the black curse spreading from the bracelet all over my arm and part of my chest. I maybe had a few minutes before the curse killed me.

‘Mourn later’ was the first thought in my head as I got up. I already knew if I was alive right now that must mean Jeremy was no doubt dead somewhere. If I don't find a new bound soon, I was going to join him.

I took a quick look up and saw the bright red sky as the sun was setting. On the side of the cliff, I could see where that guy caused a rock slide sending us all down. How I survived, I have no idea.

I began to limp around just trying to find anyone still alive. I even started calling out for them not caring anymore if that monster showed up. If I didn't find someone I was dead anyway.

But I did find someone. I quickly limped over and saw it was a beautiful naked woman. She was covered in blood and was out cold and wouldn't wake up even when I shook her.

I was running out of time and needed to form a bond now. I looked at her arm, however, and she didn't have a bracelet. I didn't think much of it, many people in the gild have taken a quest to remove them. She must have been one of them.

I began to look around for a bracelet frantically, and I spotted one close by. It was attached to an arm sticking out from a boulder that fell on top of someone. I wanted to puke as I removed the bracelet and quickly limped back to the women and put the bracket on her.

I know this is a bastard move forcing anyone into a bond when they can't consent, but it's a matter of life or death. They should understand.

“by the light of the god, we both vow a boding, give us the power on our journey, and we fight for the right,” I spoke the bonding vow as our bracelets caused a bright flash of light, signaling that we were now bonded.

###

That was when we first met, but only where our story begins.

*016*2018-11-13 20:42

Ch. 15

Ramonita and I woke up, ate breakfast and left the city as soon as we could to get our head start. Elroy and Bab would be taking a carriage, so if we didn't go now, we might not make it in time.

The plan was to meet up at the halfway point between Pa'a and Parïtet. It will be about a day's walk, a day and a half if we have to stop. Since Ramonita isn't much bigger then Bab I don't expect her to keep up with me and will most likely have to take multiple breaks. I thought about strapping Ramonita to my back like Bab, but I decided not to.

We didn't talk much for a long while. Me not knowing what to talk about and Ramonita hoping not to bring up what happened last night.

“So, um, what does dark do?” I asked Ramonita trying to make small talk,

“What?” Ramonita responded.

“The dark element, your magic,” I reply before showing her the stats screen and showing her that her elemental magic was dark.

“I have no idea, I've haven't learned much about magic,” she told me.

“Really? I would have thought your family would teach you all types of things like that just in case.” I tell her.

“No, since I would never need it in my daily life so there would be no reason to teach me,” she told me.

“Want to test it out?” I asked.

“How?” Ramonita asked.

“Well, Bab was the one to teach me. She said ’You have to focus on the magic and use your mana to make the spell appear. So try thinking of releasing dark energy.” I told her.

Ramonita did as I suggested and tried to focus, But nothing happened. We sat there for about 10 minutes but still nothing.

“I guess we'll have to ask someone else about it later,” I suggested since I barely had any idea on how to use my ice magic myself.

Just then I noticed a slime start to appear out of the ground below us and realized we must be standing above a slime nest. Deja vu. Ramonita also saw and grew very scared seeing more monsters surround us.

“Don't worry they're weak and easy to kill,” I tell her as I take out my knife and stab the one between us. “Why don't you give it a try.”

“No, it's your job to protect me, I'll leave that job to you,” she told me as she tried to back away from the knife before stepping on a slime.

I then had an evil idea and sat down.

“What are you doing?” she asked.

“My job is to make sure you make it to your destination, not protect you. If you want protection, then protect yourself.” I told her, half lying.

Personally, I didn't mind protecting her. But this seemed like an excellent way to teach someone to not just to rely on someone else and to defend themselves. Plus I wanted to see how Bab found this funny when she did something similar to me.

I watched as Ramonita began to freak out a little as more slimes started to appear sensing something wasn't moving above them and thinking it was either a dead or injured animal.

Slimes started to appear on me as well, but unlike last time I knew how to deal with them and watched as Ramonita took out her dagger and began to stab the slimes.

“Please help me!” Ramonita yelled at me as some of the slimes got on her before she noticed the slimes all on me.

“OK, on one condition. You learn how to defend yourself after this.” I tell her.

“YES! Anything just please get them away!” she screamed before feeling a cold wind blow all around her.

I was using my frost breath and killed a lot of the slimes. I then stood up and used frost to freeze the ones on me and break them off before holding out a hand to Ramonita to lead her to a safer spot.

Using beast vision, I was able to see where the slime nests are underground and stayed away from them.

“You did better than I did my first time taking on those slimes,” I told Ramonita.

“R-really?” she asked me as she tried to catch her breath from the scary situation.

I then told her about what had happened not so long ago and even what had happened to Bab, which made Ramonita laugh.

“I know you normally have guards and other people to protect you, but I still think you should at least learn how to defend yourself. What would you do if your guard disappeared and those slimes surrounded you?” I asked.

Ramonita was about to say something but stopped when she realized I was right. Being surrounded by those slimes had terrified her. If this had been any other time, she would have also been unarmed. Those slimes would have quickly killed her. But for me? I wasn't scared of them because I knew what to do while she didn't.

“We still have some time to kill, want to learn how to defend yourself?” I asked.

After a moment of hesitation, Ramonita nodded yes.

Alexander March

Stats- lv16

HP-90 (+4)

Attack-45 (+3)

Defence-42 (+5)

Speed-51 (+2)

Regen-9 (+1)

Manna-46

Class-hunter

Skills-beast vision

Weapons- sword (C)

Element-ice

Partner- Ramonita Maynard

Stats- lv5

HP-45

Attack- 8

Defence- 8 (+100)

Speed- 8

Regen-5

Manna-15

Class-princes

Skills-royal blood

Weapons- dagger

Element- dark

###

“YES, YES, YES!” Ramonita yelled and was jumping around after she defeated a big bug monster.

“Good job Ramonita.” I congrats her.

It took Ramonita a moment to get used to fighting, but the moment it clicked for her, she’s been on a roll.

“So how do you like fighting now?” I asked her as we sat down for lunch.

“I love it!” she told me with a big smile and dirt on her face. “This is so much fun!”

She was covered in dirt and had a few scrapes and scratches, but she was legitimately having fun.

“What do you do for fun back at the castle?” I asked, and suddenly her smile started to fade.

“Nothing like this. I spend most of my time inside taking lessons on how to be a proper lady and how to be Parïtet’s possible future ruler,” she told me. “When I'm not studying I'll sometimes take a walk around the castle, read a book, or play a board game with my sister. If my parents, teacher, or even Elroy saw me like this, they would be appalled.”

“I'm sorry,” I tell her now feeling bad.

Such a sheltered life, it's no wonder she’s this excited to be fighting monsters. It's probably the only real fun thing she’s done in years.

“No, thank you Alex. in such a short time you’ve let me do so many new things I never would be able to do. I'm having a lot of fun with you,” she told me, and I remembered something.

“You also seemed to be having a lot of fun last night,” I tell her.

Suddenly Ramonita’s face went bright red as she remembered what I saw last night. She even tried to stutter an excuse, but I stopped her.

“I saw you wet the diaper and then play with it. You don't have to lie to me, you're fine to tell me the truth.” I tell her.

“It...it was...a...weird experience,” she told me before I saw the faintest of smiles on her face. “I don't know how to describe it.”

“I'm guessing you liked it because it's something you can't do at home,” I suggested.

“What do you mean?”

“You said it yourself, you don't get to do much at home. You're so used to the norm that when anything new comes your way you get excited to try the experience.” I tell her. “ just look at how much fun you're having fighting monsters. You never got to do that at home.”

“But that's different than the diaper,” Ramonita told me.

“Is it? You were so embarrassed yesterday when you had your accident because it went against your norm. You resisted fighting the slimes because it went against your norm. But once you’ve had the experience you want to try it again just to get that new experience back again. because it goes against everything you were told was wrong, and this is the first time you can rebel.” I explained.

She didn't say a word, just looked down, partly ashamed.

“Don't be upset, for once have a little fun and enjoy your freedom while you can. If you want to fight then fight. I'll help you when you need it. If you want to use your diaper go ahead, I'll change you if you need it. See what it's like to be a real kid for once in your life.” I tell her before reaching over and giving her head a gentle rub. Seeing the faintest of smiles on her face.

###

Over the next few hours as we made our way to our destination Ramonita took what I said to hart and did start enjoying herself more. She began to examine the world around her. Running from one new thing to the next. She even picked up a slime just to hold it. As she went on the smile on her face grew bigger with each new experience.

I couldn't help but laugh on the inside when comparing her to Bab. Bab hates her situation, has had everything taken from her, and hates having to use her diapers. Ramonita, however, has everything, and hates her position, never able to experience anything new. Heck not too long ago she even peed in her diaper, and when I asked if she needed a change, she told me no. She wanted to feel what walking around in a wet diaper would feel like. I couldn't help but wonder what they would be like if they hung out together.

I watched as Ramonita was looking in a stream at some fish swimming around when I noticed a man walking towards us.

“Good afternoon,” I told him.

The guy was huge. Tall and full of muscle. He almost looked like ‘The Rock’ from back home just with a full head of hair.

“I want the girl,” he told me.

“Excuse me?” I asked as Ramonita turned around and saw me talking to the big guy and came running over.

“You heard me, hand the princes over.” the man told me yet again.

“Ramonita, stay back,” I told her as I reached into my storage and pulled out my sword. “I don't know who you are, but I won't let you touch her.”

“I won't repeat it again. Hand over the princes and no one will get hurt,” he told us as he lifted out his hand.

I was hoping flashing my sword would at least deter him, But he didn't even flinch when he saw it. He must be very confident in his strength and ability. So I did the only smart thing to do and yelled RUN!

Ramonita and I both turned away from the man and tried to run as fast as we could to get away from him when daggers flew right in front of us and stopping us cold.

“I won't let you get away so easily,” the man behind us said as he began to walk closer to us.

Okay, big guy, wind element, and uses daggers. The wind and daggers will make it hard to run, but if I can hold him off, then the princes could hopefully escape.

“Ramonita run back to town and form a bond with someone else,” I told her quickly before charging at the man with my sword.

The only thought in my head was to keep him busy just long enough for her to run away as I swing my sword at the guy. Instead of cutting him however he caught my blade mid-swing with his bare hand. Before I could even react, I was kicked into the air and landed right beside Ramonita who didn't have a chance to move.

“Such a dull blade.” the man said as I sat up and threw up on the ground from the kick.

When I looked back up the guy set my blade to his side and stomped down on it, Shattering it completely. Is this guy even human!?

I stood back up just as the guy walked up to me and backhanded me away again. Ramonita was screaming as the guy picked her up by her hair.

“Put her down!” I yelled as I tried to stand up.

“What could you possibly do?” he asked.

I tried running at him again but this time stopping just in front of him.

“TUNDRA!” I yelled as I released everything I had. Last time I tried this I at least froze Alisha’s arms. Maybe I can do the same here.

The man dropped Ramonita and using his free hand hit me again sending me to the ground again. My body was screaming in pain from just those three hits. Why is this happening? Why am I so weak?

“Pathetic,” he told me as she smashed the ice off of himself before feeling a sight pain in his leg.

Looking down he saw Ramonita next to his leg as she had just stabbed her dagger into his leg.

“Leave him alone!” she yelled at him until she was backhanded by him.

With no emotion at all, he pulled the dagger out of his leg and threw it to the side. Ramonita was now unconscious after that hit as he walked over to her. He was about to picker up when I told him to stop once more. He looked over at me and saw me stand up again.

“Y...your fight...is with me,” I told him barely able to talk.

My legs were shaking badly. I had Ramonita dagger in my left hand that I could barely raise half way. Blood was coming out of my head and got in my eye. Another puddle of puck and blood was below me. No magic, no strength left, and I had no way of ever winning.

“Stand down little man, or you will die,” he told me.

“I...i still have...one last trick...to kill you.”I lied out my teeth knowing this man was going to kill me.

“Interesting.” the guy said with a small on his face. “I am Monarch, the Berserker. I have heard you cry for death and I shall grant you a warrior's death.”

Suddenly as if out of a horror movie his body began to grow. He grew nearly a foot taller as his muscles started to expand and his skin turned bright red. His eyes turned white as he let out a mighty roar.

I roared back at him as I took a step toward him!

###

Bab was being loaded into a carriage with Sherry. Elroy was driving the horses up front while the princess's royal guards and Noah all rode horses. Just before she got in, she heard a thunderous roar coming from the forest.

“nrycky by crluwvj Cryf.” she said out loud before getting into the carriage and sitting down on the padded seat.

The double padding still felt weird to her as she sat down in the dress.

###

I opened my eyes and wondered if I was still alive or not. I turned my head to the side and saw a guy cooking something over a fire. I let out a slight moan and got his attention.

“Look who’s back from the dead.” the guy said as he got up to walk over to me with a small bottle of water.

Grateful I drank nearly the entire thing.

“Where am I?” I asked the guy. He had dark hair and looked strangely familiar. I think I might have seen him somewhere.

“you're at our camp. You’ve been out for a while,” he told me.

“Wait what about the girl!” I yelled as I suddenly remembered Ramonita and tried to get up, but the guy stopped me.

I was on some palet and was stripped down to my underwear and covered with a blanket.

“She’s fine, she woke up before you and I had Aeva take her away to help her change her soiled diaper, she'll be back in a moment.” he told me.

“Where are my clothes?” I asked.

“They were covered in puke and blood. We had to take your clothes off of you and got rid of them since you wouldn't be able to use them.” he told me.

I then began to wonder why my clothes would be covered in puke and blood before remembering what had happened.

“What happened to the monster?” I asked, wondering how anyone could survive a fight with that thing.

“Watch who you call a monster.” the man said behind me as I spun around to see him carrying a huge log. “You will make people mad.”

I tried to jump up and run but my body was too heavy, and I collapsed once again.

“Wow, now easy buddy. Just relax and let us explain.” the man said as he tried to help me move back into a lay position.

But I fought him as well. Just trying to get away when suddenly Ramonita came running up out of nowhere to me and hugged me and try to calm me down.

“Alex, it's alright, we are safe here. They won't hurt us,” she told me.

As I looked at her, I saw her face partly swollen, but she was still fine.

After a few more minutes of calming down, I got some help to sit up while these people introduced themselves.

The first was Monarch. The hulking man that nearly killed us.

Next was Aeva, a short woman with a big smile she too looked familiar.

Lastly was Chet, The leader of their group. And I finally remembered where I saw them. He and Aeva were the couple I met a few days ago when I gave them directions.

“Why did you attack us?” I asked. Wanting to know why I had to go through so much pain.

“We needed to test you.” Chet told me. “Elroy trusted someone they didn't know that well to escort the princess. I wanted to see if you could be trusted.”

“And you passed.” Aeva cheered happily.

“What the fuck do you mean? You beat me within an inch of my life and say I somehow passed a test!” I asked now perplexed.

“Monarch wouldn't have killed you, the test was to see if you were trustworthy or if you would just try to run at any moment,” Chet told me. “You tried to run away with the princess at first, but when you were blocked off by Aeva’s daggers, you tried to fight Monarch. Even after he kicked your ass, you keep going. Three times no less! Most people would have run away or given the princess up at that point. Hell even when Monarch went Berserk Demon mode you still took a step at him before collapsing instead of running away. You have my respect.”

“I don't give a shit about your respect. He nearly kills me, and he hurt Ramonita!” I yelled as I pointed to Monarch.

Just then Monarch got up from his position. I was terrified thinking he was now mad at me and was about to kill me. Instead, he walked over to a tree and began to hit his head on it.

“Ya, he’s sorry about that. He’s actually a major pacifist and hates hurting people. But to test you, he had to do what he did.” Aeva told me before going over to comfort him.

“There's another reason we wanted to test you,” Chet said. “We wanted to know if we could also trust you.”

“For what?” I asked.

Just then Ramonita got up and walked to Chet’s side.

“Alex, this man is the former prince of Pa'a. I have heard what he has to say, and I ask that you please listen to what he asks.” she said before both he and she got on their knees and bowed their heads to the dirt in front of me.

“PLEASE HELP ME KIDNAP MY BROTHER LAUREN!” Chet begged.

Alexander March

Stats- lv16

HP-90 (+4)

Attack-45 (+3)

Defence-42 (+5)

Speed-51 (+2)

Regen-9 (+1)

Manna-46

Class-hunter

Skills-beast vision

Weapons- sword (C)

Element-ice

Partner- Ramonita Maynard

Stats- lv6

HP-47

Attack- 9

Defence- 9 (+100)

Speed- 9

Regen-6

Manna-17

Class-princes

Skills-royal blood

Weapons- dagger

Element- dark

###

Back in Pa'a all preparations are finished.

Prince Lauren just received word about meeting with the princess early and give him very little time to prepare. Luckily the bodyguards he hired to replace his missing retainer had arrived and were ready to follow any order.

Blake and Eva bowed to the prince ready to finish this job and help Alex and Bab as soon as they were done.

“We are at your service!” they both told the prince before heading out.

