A Magical Adventure (I'm not good with names)

Author: Guest Eli

*000*2014-02-21 02:29

Chapter 0: Introduction & Lore

The year is 500 and dark times are ahead in this world of magic and alchemy. The War between Alchemists and Mages had finally come to an end, with Alchemists as victors. This war had lasted for 15 years of constant fighting and a lot of bloodshed. Before the war, there were about 10 millions of people in the world, but now, the numbers have decreased by 6.5 million.

Alchemy

The world is now ruled by alchemy, and so much as studying magic is forbidden, that is the most important rule of all; “One must not study or use magic if he values his life”.

Alchemy is divided into two subgroups, there’s Chemical Alchemy, which anyone can learn, and there’s Transmutation Alchemy, the power to change the form of any material. It is a power that only those of Alchema blood can use.

Alchemas are special kind of humans. They do not look different from normal humans, but they are more powerful and more intelligent by nature.

They are the only ones who can trigger the things called “transmutation circles”, circles that have magical symbols and letters in them.

Alchemas and humans can have children together, although there is only a 0.1% chance the child will make it through birth. It is rumored that if a powerful mage and a Alchema would have a child together, the child would be able to use both magic and transmutation alchemy, even though there are no known cases of that happening.

Not much is known about the origins of the Alchemas, but it is suspected that they were the creation of an alchemist who secretly tried to create a human child to fill up the gap of his deceased son, who was killed by a mage when only 5 years old. That alchemist was found dead in his basement, with no explainable cause of death.

Alchemists had for a long time studied transmutation but never figured out how to. Although there once was a theory amongst them, that it would be possible with a magical thing called a philosopher stone, but now it is believed that it’s merely a fairy tale.

Magic

There are many different kinds of magic. It is usually divided into three main groups:

Elemental Magic: Mages who use elemental magic are those who can create fire, water and other elements we can see and touch. It is possible to master multiple elements, although that requires a lot of skill and power. Those who can are called Elementalists.

Psychic Magic: Those who study psychic magic can use magic such as telekinesis, teleportation and mind control.

Conjuration Magic: The ability to summon weapons, armor or creatures out of nowhere is called conjuration magic. Many mages study how to summons weapons or armor, but summoning creatures is a high-class ability that only very powerful mages can use.

But not just anyone can learn magic. All humans have a magical energy flowing inside of them, but there are some who have more than others, and those are the ones who can learn to control it and use it for magic. Those humans are called mages.

There are only a few mages left in the world and those few who are left stay hidden amongst normal humans and don’t use their magic unless there’s no other way.

Chapter 1: Introducing the characters

In the land of Alacana, there was a girl named Elena.

Elena is 17 years old and is really intelligent, in top of all of her classes and is really popular in school. She has blonde, short hair and green eyes. She lives in Nobia, the capital of Alacana

She is a half-alchema, her mother was one, but her father was only human. Her parents had died in the war, so she lived alone. Elena is a really curious person who is always looking to know more.

She goes to “Alchemy Academy”, more often called AA. It is a school that focuses on teaching alchemy and everything that is related to it. Not a single person knows that she is half-alchema, and she plans to keep it that way.

Her best friends are Camilla and Blay. Camilla is a girl with long straight dark hair. She is 18 years old and a genius when it comes to chemical alchemy. Blay is a 17 year old boy with black short spiky hair. He is really intelligent, but slacks off all the time and despite his intelligence, is quite an idiot.

One of Elena’s main interests is magic, although it is forbidden to study it. She gave it no attention before, but she had recently discovered a hidden door in her basement, most likely made by her mother, that lead to a room full of bookshelves, and all of the bookshelves had books about magic. She had spent many nights reading them and had almost finished them all. She wanted nothing more than to be able to actually use magic.

Camilla loves chemical alchemy and can create almost any kind of magical potions, be it a basic health potion that could heal small papercuts or a stealth potion, that could make people invisible for a certain amount of time, depending on how good the potion is. Her father caught a deadly disease and passed away when she was 10, so she lives with her mother and her little sister.

Blay loves nothing more than to have fun. He doesn’t really care about school, he already taught himself most of the things that are taught there, at least those he was interested in. He’s always joking around and rarely takes things seriously. Blay has never known his parents and nobody seemed to have a clue about who they were.

Chapter 2: The Underground Tunnel

Camilla woke up to someone impatiently knocking on her door.

Soon she heard her mother call

“Camilla, it’s for you!”

She quickly got dressed and went to the door. It was Elena, and she had a peculiar look on her face.

“Come quick! There’s something I want you to see!”

Camilla had no other option but to do as Elena said and followed her. Soon they had arrived in Elena’s basement. There was nothing to see there but a dusty old book.

“Look here! See what is written there?” Elena said eagerly “A hidden passage to a secret place under the academy, a place that will answer all of your questions regarding magic!”

Camilla had a bad feeling about this, she was not as much into magic as Elena was.

“Just think of it, what if we find some unknown alchemical recipes too? Wouldn’t you like to study them?” Elena said. She had a point, what if there WAS something like that down there. “I’m with you” she said.

At the academy they followed a detailed map that Elena had drawn from the directions of the book. When they were finally at the place Elena looked around for some sign, some hint that there was a hidden door somewhere. She finally found it, a transmutation circle was there, drawn in the same color as the wall. She put her hand in the middle of the circle and activated it and the wall started reshaping into a door. Elena carefully opened the door and saw a long staircase ahead, down into some dark and gloomy place. Camilla was awed by Elena’s ability to use transmutation circles. But when she looked down to where they were headed, she stopped.

“Wait, do we really want to go down there? We actually no idea what might lie ahead” she stated.

“I know that, but aren’t you excited to find out?”

“I….I guess”

The girls started walking down the stairs, but first Elena changed the wall back.

Camilla did not like this. She was scared and had a tiny little urge to pee, after all she didn’t get a chance to go when she woke up. She ignored it and ventured forth.

It was a long way down, the pathway was small and Camilla kept walking into spider webs that were hanging from the low ceiling. When they finally got all the way down, they noticed the path split in two. They discussed it for a bit, then decided to go left. Camilla felt how her need for the bathroom got more intense, and she started walking a bit faster, but she kept the change of speed tiny enough for Elena not to notice the sudden change of pace.

They had now been walking forward for 30 minutes without any hint of the pathway nearing an end. Camilla was getting pretty desperate.

“I need to go to the bathroom” She said to Elena

“Oh, that’s pretty bad, you can’t hold it in?”

“I don’t know, I’ve been holding it for a while now” Camilla said, and was now holding her hand in her crotch “I think I won’t make it” she then said.

Elena looked at Camilla, and felt sorry for her. “She really has to go, eh” she thought to herself.

“Then why don’t you go right here?” she suddenly asked

“I can’t do that! I haven’t wet myself in ages, not in the daytime at least, and I’m not going to expose my privates down here, there are insects everywhere, I wouldn’t want a bug crawling up my ass all of a sudden!” she responded.

“Fine, have it your way”

After another 15 minutes of walking, they finally reached the end of the pathway, having walked straight forward for 45 minutes. It was a room full of huge statues. The statues were of mages, and each one of them had something written at the bottom of it. While Elena jumped around in awe reading all of it with stars in her eyes Camilla felt she couldn’t hold out much longer. She stood there squirming and fidgeting, when she decided to try letting a little out, to lift off a little of the pressure. She calmed herself and stopped resisting. She felt the pee dampen her cyan blue panties, making a warm wet spot there. She quickly stopped the flow before it was too late. Suddenly, something was slowly moving towards her, it was crawling, stealthing so she wouldn’t notice it. It came closer….closer…..

“GAAARH!” a voice yelled the moment it grabbed Camilla.

She let out a scream of fright and at the same time she felt it, she felt how she lost control of her bladder and the pee started flowing out, into her panties and soon a wet patch started forming on her light-blue jeans. The spot got bigger and the pee flowed down her thighs until she was completely soaked. Tears filled her eyes, she was embarrassed, but also trembling with anger, because she knew exactly who did that. She turned around and punched Blay, who was laughing his head off, in the face.

“You Asshole!” she yelled “What the heck were you thinking, sneaking up on me like that? That was far from being funny, I…I peed…I pe…” she burst into tears, fell down to her knees and sat in her puddle of pee crying like a little baby. Blay had stopped laughing and had a terrifying look on his face.

“I…I’m so sorry” he said “I didn’t mean to…” he was interrupted by someone

“What the heck Blay! Do you realize what you have done? She’s a wreck now because of you! Get out of my sight, I don’t want to see your face for now” Elena shouted angrily.

“There, there, it will be alright” She said to Camilla trying to comfort her “Accidents happen to the best of us”

“That ain’t true! You’ve never wet yourself, and I don’t know anyone who has! Just admit it, I’m older than you, yet I’m much more of a baby, heck Elena, I even still wake up in a wet bed once or twice per week!” Camilla said crying.

Elena hugged her “It’ll be alright I said, we need to keep moving though. I’m going to stay right next to you for now, if that makes you feel better”

To be continued (if you like it, that is)

Hope you all enjoyed. Do you think I should make more chapters?

I don't want to continue it if nobody likes it

- Eli

*003*2014-02-22 02:57

{{: 

Um, could next time one of the girl's wets themselves could they be wearing a skirt? And would like to see this continued,

}}

Can do, will make it happen. I'm open to requests like this one, so people, for goodness sake, if you have a request or an idea, please let me know, and I'll see what I can do.

I will start working on Chapter 3 as soon as possible.

