Pee holding school

Author: Joey1234

*000*2020-11-08 21:33

Premise : 16 yr old Taylor has been sent away to a boarding school for weak bladdered girls where along with regular school subjects, she will learn how to better control her bladder and maybe make some new friends along the way.

Part 1

Taylor sat in the back of her parents grey SUV staring out the window as they rolled closer to the school. Taylors mom looked back at her daughter through the rearview mirror and saw the somewhat bored look in her eyes. Before they had enrolled her in this school her mother had talked thoroughly with her daughter about this establishment and was surprised Taylor had wanted to attend this school in the first place since she was expecting a big fight out of her, not like she wanted to argue with her daughter, she hated it but it was strange how quickly she agreed to come here. Eventually the old building came into sight of Taylor's mother and she said to her daughter. "Taylor we've arrived". Slowly the girl looked up from the window to get a look at the tall building in the distance, she looked on impressed at the architecture as it was clearly very old but looked to be in perfect condition.

Eventually her mother's car pulled up outside the car indicating that it was time for Taylor to exit the vehicle and begin her time at her new school. Taylor slowly stepped out of the car bringing her bag along with her. She was already dressed in school uniform, the only she didnt have was the schools tie which she would have to wear at all times throughout the day. Before she entered the halls of her new school Taylor said a quick goodbye to her mother and then swiftly walked up the schools steps to the main door. In truth she was excited to be attending this school, all the years of accidents, near accidents and having to make emergency pit stops in bushes and alleys were soon to be behind her, she would finally learn how to hold it.

Slowly Taylor pushed open the large wooden doors to the school and stepped inside. The reception consisted of a large room with a coffe table and a few seats, along with the glass window so the office workers could see if anyone was waiting to be seen to. There was already an office worker at her desk who immediately saw Taylor as she walked in. The kind lady greeted her and asked her if she was the new student enrolling in the school. Taylor replied with a yes and the receptionist said that they wouls call for the deputy head teacher to show her round the school. Before Taylor sat down the receptionist asked her if she had been given a school tie. Taylor said that she hadn't and receptionist said she would fetch one for her. The receptionist quickly went through a few drawers and finally found the one with the spare ties in it. The receptionist then went back to the window and handed Taylor her new tie which was completely yellow with a school crest on it.

Taylor thanked the office lady and took a seat whilst she waited for the deputy head to greet her. As she sat and waited Taylor eventually felt a familiar feeling in her abdomen, a feeling which had caused her a lot of issues in the past. "Damn I have to pee she thought" as she slowly shifted around so as to relieve the pressure. It made sense as it was around 9 am and she usually had to go around this time anyway. She was about to ask the receptionist where the toilet is until the door that lead further into the school swung open and in walked an elderly lady with short grey hair.

She turned to Taylor and said "Are you Taylor, the new student ?". Taylor responded with a yes and the women smiled at her and said "It's good to meet you. I'm the deputy head hear at this school. You can call me Mrs Andrews". Taylor greeted her politely and Mrs Andrews ordered her to stand as they were to begin their tour of the school. Taylor thought to herself "Great maybe I'll get a chance to pee soon".

The tour of the school commenced as normal with Mrs Andrews showing her where everything and some other general information. One thing Taylor noticed is that the school had quite a lot of bathrooms, way more than her old school which only had one 2 bathrooms, one for all the boys and one for all the girls. Though in fairness this school was quite larger so it made sense to have more bathrooms. As Mrs Andrews showed her around the school the pressure in Taylor's bladder was still building up, it was clear she would have to find a bathroom soon.

The last part of the tour was around the dorms where Taylor would be staying before she was told to unpack her stuff Mrs Andrews finished off by saying "As you know this school is only for girls in S4 to S6 and evenn though you are in S5 you shouldnt worry about the level of education in this schools, well lets say unique classes. You shouldn't have any trouble catching up with everybody else. Also your time table is laying on your bed and I've sent someone to come meet you here when the first bell rings so wait here and they'll come meet you and if they dont go to your next class.". Taylor thanked Mrs Andrews and headed inside her dorm room .

When she entered she saw that the room was lined with 6 beds, three on each side and one of these beds had a piece of paper on it. She figured this was her time table and sure enough when she picked it up and unfolded it she found that it was indeed her time table. Looking at it she saw that her next class was holding but she still had a while to wait, 20 minutes to be exact. She threw her stuff on her bed and threw her hands in her crotch in order to hold back the flow that needed to come out of her. She looked around the room hoping to find a bathroom but alas there wasn't one. Taylor lay down on her bed and tried to ignore the thought of having to pee but as past expeeriences had shown that didnt do much for her.

Eventually she heard the ring of the school bell and a lot of chatter coming from outiside her door indicating classes were switching over. She quickly stood up and tried to compose herself so the person who came to escort her wasn't aware that she had to pee. Eventually she saw the door of her room fly open and in walked an eccentric tall brown haired girl. The girl loooked at her and said "You must be Taylor. I'm Emily, I was told to lead you to your classes.". Taylor greeted Emily cheerfully and the two walked along to their next class which they had together. The girls chatted with each other whilst on their way to the classroom and they seemed to bee getting along quite well, it seemed as if Taylor had made a friend already. Even though she seemed composed Taylor could still feel the pressure in her bladder Knawing at her, begging to be released but Taylor didn't ask to stop for a bathroom break.

Eventually the girls reached a large brown door which said on it "Holding 1" which Taylor was told was her holding classroom. Taylor was also relieved to see that there was a bathroom right next to it so she could hopefully pee soon. The girls entered the classroom and luckily the class had only just started. The teacher greeted Taylor as she recognised her as the new student and told her to take a seat next to Emily. The teacher then started the lesson by saying "Since this is the first holding class of the year I'm starting off with a simple holding challenge just to see where everyone's at. Can anyone who has to pee please reaise their hand so as I cant take that into account when observing your performance".

Slowly Taylor and five other girls raised their hands. At least Taylor wasn't the only girl who had to pee. When the teacher noted down their names she then handed out 500 ml bottles of water to each girls and explained what would be happening . She said that each bottle had been laced with a strong dieturic so as to insure that the challenge doesn't last too long. She also said that anyone who needs to pee and felt like they were going to pee themselves were to run to the bathroom next door and pee there. When the lesson started Taylor quickly started chugging the 500 ml water bottle and was finished in 15 minuted.

Since she already had to pee pretty bad she knew she wouldn't last long here, the only thing she hoped is that she wasn't out first. The teacher wasn't kidding when they said the dieturic was strong, she could already feel it's effectss and they were only five minutes in. Taylor looked around the class and saw that there were also several girls with their hands in their crotches trying to hold back the pressure. After about seven minutes the teacher said "Remember you are free to hold anyway you'd like.". After that announcement pretty muchevery girl in the class had their hands in their crotches in an attemp to hold back the flood of urine, including Emily. After another 5 minutes Taylor's poor bladder felt like it was on fire, she could barely keep her flow contained, she felt like it would burst out at any second but she was determined not to be first.

Taylor kept her cool until she felt a small spurt of pee escape her aching holding muscles. At this point she began to panic, she didn't want to pee herself on the first day. She was about to get up and run to the toilet until a she heard the sound of a chair hitting the ground. She looked back to see that a girl had thrown herself up from her seat and was making a run for the toilet. Taylor watched as she saw her run for the door with her hands in her crotch. It wasn't until she had left the room that Taylor decided to join her as she wouldn't be the first girl to give in. Taylor quickly got up out her chair and headed for the door and into the toilet.

When she stormed into the bathroom she was shocked to see that the toilet consisted of 5 squat style toilets with one stall that was already in use. Since she didn't want to wait for the stall she ran over to the squat toilets which on the bright side at least had a wall that up to her knees between then so she at least had some privacy. When Taylor was standing over the squat toilet the sight of a toilet made her bladder give out completely. Taylor squealed as a her floodgates burst open letting out a waterfall of urine that soaked right through her panties. Luckily this wasn't the first time this had happened to Taylor so she was able to quickly hike her skirt up and remove her panties before squatting down at the toiet breathing sighs of relief.

Now that Taylor was voluntarily relasing her waters she could feel the full effects of the relief of peeing and to her it was glorious. Whilst Taylor was in the middle of peeing the bathroom door swung open with two people entering. One of those people was Emily and the other was a small Asian girl with short brown hair. Both of these girls positioned theemselves over the available toilets and started peeing. Emily quickly noticed Taylor and said to her "Yeah I probably shouldv'e mentioned that cause there's so many toilets here the school set up a bunch of squat toilets to save mone, pretty much every bathroom in the school in arranged like this.

Whilst she spoke Taylor heard the flushing of the stall and the girls who occupied it walked out and over to the sinks like nothing was going. Eventually Taylor stream cut off. She took some time to examine the damge to her underwear and decided she would have to change them during break as they had quite a large wet spot on them. Taylor quickly stood up from the toilet feeling the wetness of her underwear on her and headed over to the sink to wash her hands, during that time three more girls entered the toilet with one taking the stall and the other two taking the squat toilets.

Taylor then returned to the classroom to wait out the rest of the class and eventuall all the girls fell to the power of their desperation. With the last girl being a pretty black haired Indian girl who looked like she was about to burst but luckily she made it to the toilet as well. After that was over the teacher congratulated everyone for their effort and said that next lesson they would be going over several different holding methods so as to learn how to improve and with that the class ended and Taylor continued on with the rest of her day, excited as to what would come next out of her holding class.

End of part 1

*002*2020-12-18 23:04

Part 2

Taylor was now three days in to her new boarding school and so far all had been well for her. She had been doing well in her regular classes and her holding classes were going well also. Currently it was the start of their lunch break and Taylor was swifly making her way to the toilet since she was inable to go during the last two periods and she had built up quite an urge to go. When Taylor reached the nearest toilet she pushed the door only to find out it wasn't open, again she tried the door a few more times until another girl walked up to her and said "Hey just thought I should tell you, the bathrooms are locked on a Friday lunch time". Taylor looked down at the girl's legs and saw that she had them slightly crossed indicating that she too had to pee. Needless to say Taylor was worried, it had been so long since she had last had a chance to pee, would she even be able to make it ? Taylor decided that she at least had to try and hold it so she headed off to the canteen for lunch.

When Taylor arrived she saw that several other girls seemed to be in a similar predicament to her as she saw several girls, mostly fourth and fifth years who were clearly desperate to pee, one fourth year girl even had her hands dug in her crotch. When Taylor got to the front of the lunch linethe dinner lady handed her a tray and asked her if she wanted anything to drink to which she politely declined, no need to get any more desperate now since lunch wasn't even a quarter of the way done. When Taylor had her lunh she waddled over to the table that her friend Emily. When she got to her table they greeted each other and Emily quickly noticed that she was squirming and asked her point blank if she had to pee and had found out about the bathroom closure.

Taylor replied with a yes and Emily responded by saying that she had to pee a little too but she still encouraged her to hold it as they had holding class next and she wouls surely get a chance to go there. Taylor started eating her lunch and talking with Emily as she felt her pulsing bladder begging to be emptied which made her extremely uncomfortable to the point where all she was thinking about was having to pee. Taylor and Enily contiued to sit there, both squirming from their need to pee, it didn't help that Emily had been drinking a bottle of juice the whole time which was making it quite hard for her to control her bladder.

Eventually the sound of the chatting was interrupted by what sounded like water hitting the floor. The two girls looked around only to see that one of the fourth year girls was peeing herself in her seat. Taylor looked at the girls face and it looked like she was nearly in tears, her face was red as a tomato. Soon the sound of peeing stopped but by the suddenness of it it sounded like the girl had cut off the stream. The girl then started making her way out of the canteen only it was glaringly obvious that she still had to pee as her hands were dug in her wet skirt trying to keep the rest of her pee contained.

Taylor didn't know what her plan was, maybe she was on her way to a less crowded area and was going to finish wetting herself there, who knows. After watching that display Taylor fealt the need to pee now more than ever as she too had her hands in her crotch and even Emily was squirming much more violently. Taylor decided she needed some air and she asked Emily to join her, she agreed.

The girls made their way out of the canteen making their need to pee glaringly obvious to anyone looking, though it wasn't as embarrasing as almost everyone else needed to pee aswell. Soon the girls found a bench outside and took a seat and once again started their conversation. Emily looked at Taylor with a worried expression and said "Taylor I'm worried I'll pee myself, I dont know why but for some reason my need to pee has went up ten fold.". Taylor responded with "Well I'm bursting as well so it looks like we're in the same boat here.". Taylor looked at her watch and saw that they still had thirty minutes to go until lunch was overand she couldn't exactly distract herself as everywhere she looked there were desperate girls. As the time ticked on and the two girls kept talking the pressure in their poor bladders was getting worse and worse by the minutes. They could feel their pee right at their pee holes trying to force it's way out.

Eventually Taylor momentarily lost control of her bladder and lost a long spurt of pee. Luckily most of it was absorbed by her undies so it wasn't glaringly obvious that she had an accident. Eventually the first bell ended up ringing and the two girls slowly got up from their seats and headed to their holding class. As they moved on it was clear that Emily was more desperate than Taylor as she was literally doubled over as she tried to get inside the building. Eventually Emily couldn't hold on anymore and her bladder started giving out in large spurts.

Emily tried to ignore and continue to slowly walk inside as pee exited her overfull bladder spurt by spurt and left a trail of urine behind her. Eventually her pee hole fully opened and she stopped as she started peeing full force, pee going rigt through her panties and down her legs, luckily her skirt remained relatively dry. Taylor looked back at her friend her own bladder wincing in pain to see if she could help, Emily signalled her to move on as she could still make it to which Taylor oblieged.

After a painful walk Taylor eventually made it to her holding class and walked in her bladder in more pain than ever. She took her seat and the teacher quickly started the lesson. "So today class you are going to learn what to do when you have to pee and cant hold it. The method we're going to look over today is peeing into a container and since you're all already desperate your going to pee into these plastic bottles. The rule is that you will get two each but you have to wait ten seconds before using the next bottle and dont worry about getting it on the carpet it is super absorbent and is sanitised after every class.". The teacher quickly handed out two plastic bottles per person and since Taylor was minutes away from an accident she had to be quick, She unbuttoned her jeans and quickly threw her jeans down to her knees as several of the other girls were doing and after that uncapped tthe bottle and positioned over her pee hole.

Once she was sure she had the right position she relaxed and her pee suddenly shot out of her and started filling the bottle, she had to reposition it in order to lose as little as possible but in her defence she did better than some of her classmates, one girl wasn't able to uncap the bottle intime and started peeing on her chair. As she continued peeing she could feel the blissful relief of relieving herself after having such a full bladder. Eventually Taylor saw that the bottle was nearing its limit and she wasn't so now came the hard part stopping her flow. Once the bottle was full she cut off the flow of pee which caused a feeling of desperation like no other as the rest of her pee begged to be released.

Taylor quickly capped the first bottle and uncapped the second but she wasn't quite quick enough and she started peeing in her seat before she could position the bottle again. When she had the bottle in place she fully relaxed her holding muscles and began peeing full force again enjoying the blissful release that many of her classmates were also enjoying. Eventually her stream cut off and she looked at the bottle and saw she had nearly filled it up to the brim. Once it was capped she was told to empty the bottle into the toilet and bin it. By the time everyone had done that Emily had arrived back at the class and they began their normal lesson plan.

(end of part 2)

