Rika Omorashi Fanfic II

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2011-07-11 06:58

Yo, my name is Kid_Omo, but, of course, you already knew that ;) .

Anyway, this story was written to celebrate the one-year anniversary of animepee.me (Which was about a month ago), one year since I joined (About three weeks ago), and one year after I posted my first fanfiction (Which was about two weeks ago). So...A little late, but who's counting? For that, I decided I would get back to my roots, going back to fanfiction for a little while, and back to the first character I ever posted or wrote about.

Anyway, you don't want to hear me blather on, so here's my follow-up story about Rika Nonaka (picture attached) from Digimon Adventure 3...with some liberties taken with the character design.

* * *

It has been several weeks since Rika's near-accident, and she and everyone else had seemed to have forgotten about it.

Rika woke up from a very restless sleep, something was wrong today.

Rika then shifted onto her side and felt a large amount of pressure on her bladder. This forced her to open her eyes and actually wake up.

Rika turned onto her back, lessening the pressure quite a bit. She then sat up, rubbing her eyes. Rika looked around and remembered something, they were on a raft, or, rather, a collection of floating logs tied together with a vague sail attached, that might explain the tough time sleeping.

Rika was awake before the others, but that didn't really matter, she couldn't paddle this shoddily fashioned raft over to the shore by herself, and she couldn't exactly just go on the raft.

With that, Rika just sighed and lied back down, she didn't have to go that badly. She turned onto her side again, but not for long, the sound of water trickling against the side of the raft was only amplified with her ear to the boards. Rika just turned over and slid out of her sleeping bag, she then packed up her stuff and did what she could to get ready for the day.

Rika then just sat down against the mast and waited for the boys to wake up. Surely they would want to pull over to the mainland for something.

By the time the others were awake, Rika was used to the sound of running water and was starting to drift back off to sleep.

A little while later, Rika was woken up by the boys asking if she wanted to eat.

Of course, she accepted and got up to eat. Rika realized she was really quite thirsty as well, so she took a bottle of water and drank down about half of it very quickly, without much thought.

Her bladder gave her a quick reminder of why that was a bad idea and Rika quickly slowed down on her water consumption.

After the small amount of food that passed for a meal, there was really nothing to do, they were in a raft floating down the river, while Rika wanted to have them stop on the shore so she could relieve herself, she wasn't about to say anything about it.

Rika walked around a bit to distract herself, but in the end just wound up lying down on the raft, tapping her foot restlessly on the deck.

Considering how bad it's gotten in the past, Rika didn't have to go that badly, the only trouble was that she wasn't able to do anything to distract herself, they were on a raft floating down a river. All she could think about was her constantly filling bladder.

As the pressure built, Rika got up again and started walking around a bit, thinking only of how ridiculous this situation was.

The boys weren't doing anything interesting, though, so Rika had nothing to do. She just sat back down and sipped timidly on her water a little more.

She soon set down the bottle, though, and decided to lie on her back again, just looking up at the sky.

The now-monotonous sound of the river rushing by had become sort of hypnotic at this point. Rika then began listening to this and started to doze off again.

Rika must have been asleep for a while, when she woke up, she felt strong pressure on her abdomen, and her right hand felt wet...

She immediately assumed the worst, as she had yet to regain full feeling, and bolted upright, throwing her hands between her legs, only to realize that she hadn't begun wetting herself.

She then looked over to discover that her water bottle had simply tipped over with the cap improperly secured, it had dripped onto her hand for a while.

She may not have wet herself, but Rika was feeling some severe pressure now, it was getting pretty bad!

Rika again slid back and sat up against the mast, forcing her legs together, but not crossing them, so she could be discreet.

It was then that she heard one of the boys talking, he was saying that he needed to use the bathroom. Rika figured this meant an opportunity to get to shore and get relief.

Rike didn't know if she was more distressed or disgusted when he was told to just go over the side. She couldn't really do that, not easily, anyway, and certain not in front of the boys!

Well, what could she do now? Rika couldn't think of any excuse to make them stop, she'd just have to tell them she needed to pee. They seemed intent not to stop on their own, and she couldn't just say she needed to stretch her legs, they could stand on the raft. Still, she would not admit to them she needed to go, she was stronger than that.

Rika pondered what she would do as she picked up her water bottle and drank some of what was left, she looked down, it was nearly empty. Her bladder was going the opposite direction, the pressure kept building, it was almost getting as bad as last time.

Rika curled her legs up and placed her hands heavily on her lap, she had to figure out something, and quick.

Suddenly, Rika jumped as one of the boys walked over next to her and said her name.

"Hey, Rika," He said, sitting down next to her, "Are you doing alright?"

"Y-yeah," Rika stuttered, "I'm fine." Rika said, almost reflexively. Oh, no, had he noticed? Rika began to blush, thinking that he had noticed her desperation. She then felt kind of embarassed that she blushed, thinking he would notice something was wrong.

"Alright," He said, not even really looking at Rika to see her blush, "You've just been really quiet today, that's all."

"Oh," Rika responded, calming down a bit, "I just, I don't know..." She trailed off.

The boy really didn't pay much attention, though, as he just kind of said "Ok." and walked off.

Rika sighed, relieved that he did not notice. Still, she couldn't help but feel that she missed an opportunity to get this over with, so now she was just dragging it out.

She then looked around and noticed neither of the boys were paying attention to her, so Rika moved her legs a bit and slid her hands in between her legs to grab down directly to help her hold it in. She then started rocking back-and-forth to help her ease the pressure, she didn't know why, but it did seem to help.

Rika kind of zoned out while doing this, the only thing she could focus on was the pain from her bursting bladder. Suddenly, she was pulled out of that by one of the boys shouting "Hey, Rika! Get over here!"

Rika took a second to gain her composure as she slowly stood up, she forced her thighs together as she stood, but forced herself to keep her hands out from between her legs. When she did that, her arms curled up to her chest for some reason, she couldn't really help it. On top of that, she couldn't just stand still, Rika had to continue shifting her legs back and forth.

Still, Rika forced herself to walk over and meet the boys on the other side of the raft, hoping neither of them noticed her dilemma.

One of the boys was explaining that they would need to fish off the side of the raft so they could catch more food to eat later. He broke after a while and asked, "Rika, are you ok?"

Rika shook her head and brought herself back to reality...or digital reality..."Yeah, I'm just a bit...restless." Rika said, somewhat quietly, biting her lip, to the surprise of the boys, she wasn't one to speak in hushed tones, but she said she was alright, so they figured she was alright.

They were then given some makeshift fishing poles to try and catch something. Rika again walked over to her corner of the raft, grabbing her water bottle, but not taking a sip this time.

Rika sat down to try and fish, but she was feeling so much pressure, she didn't think she could keep a grip on the pole. An idea then popped into her head. Rika quickly looked around, then reached down and unbuttoned the button on her jeans, and unzipped the zipper slightly, exposing the top of her white cotton panties, and giving her bladder room to expand. She moved her shirt down so that it wasn't obvious that the front of her pants were open.

This solution worked for a little while, but a few minutes later, her bladder had expended the extra room it got and she again had to squeeze her legs together as she sat there, staring at the water, once again, the only real thing she could focus on was her growing desperation.

Rika again began restlessly shifting in her spot, she had to move one hand from the fishing pole and place it in her lap to again apply pressure and help her keep her urge under control.

It wasn't much longer before Rika realized she really couldn't hold it for much longer, she began looking around for a solution that didn't involve her telling the guys she had to go. She looked around for a second, then she noticed her water bottle sitting next to her, it wasn't favorable, but it would do.

Quickly, Rika looked around, then unscrewed the lid from the top of her bottle, she cringed as she realized it wasn't empty, she needed as much room as she could get in the bottle. Rika quickly downed the rest of it, then lurched forward as a shot of pain ran through her body, she thought she felt a little bit of it escape!

Rika then moved the bottle lower, again looking around to make sure the boys weren't paying attention. But, as soon as Rika started messing with her jeans, there was a tug on the fishing pole. She had completely forgotten about that.

Rika quickly reached for the pole so it didn't get dragged into the water, but, in doing so, dropped the bottle, which rolled off the raft and into the water. This not only scared off whatever was on the line, but placed the bottle just outside of her reach.

Rika tried desperately to get the bottle, but she just couldn't reach it. She was then forced to recoil back and again force her legs together with one hand pressing firmly down upon her crotch area.

She watched as her one hope of relief floated away, unable to do anything but issue a shuddering gasp to herself.

She was getting so desperate, she thought she may just tell the boys she had to go so they could stop, then Rika thought about what the boys said, 'just go over the side'...No, she couldn't, could she?...

Well, she really had to go, it was worth a shot. Rika started thinking about exactly how the mechanics of that would work, but all she could really think about was getting relief from this massive pressure.

As Rika was working once again at getting her jeans down while still preventing herself from just losing control, she was once again made aware of her surroundings by one of the boys shouting "Alright, I think that's enough!"

He then called Rika and the other over. Rika got up very slowly and carefully, she stood up straight and walked over to them, trying to make it look like everything was just fine, but the strain from keeping her bladder under control was incredibly obvious on her face, and the boys noticed this.

The boys ignored this at first and started talking, Rika completely unable to listen to what they were saying, but then Rika lost her composure.

She quickly leaned over, forced her legs together, fell back against the mast, and threw her hands down, rubbing her far-overfilled bladder.

The boys quickly asked, "Are you ok?" Clearly very concerned.

Rika strained to look up, then she then saw the dense shrubbery on the shore, which would provide perfect cover for her.

Rika was about to admit defeat when suddenly a thought occured to her, how had she not thought of it before?

She looked up at the boys and said, "I think I'm starting to get sea-sick." Rika then spared one hand to place over her mouth as if she were about to get sick.

Quickly, the boys offered to row to shore, Rika eagerly helping out, regardless of how that effected the illusion that she was sick.

As soon as the raft jolted into the shore, Rika took off as fast as she could, both her hands held fast in an effort to maintain control over her bursting bladder.

This control didn't last long, however. Rika could feel it, her bladder was giving out, she could feel the wet spot growing in her underwear. Rika stopped for a second, bending over and placing all her force to try and stop it, but to no avail.

When Rika realized her efforts were in vain, she took off running into the bushes. As soon as she got out of sight, she fell to her knees, trying to get her zipper the rest of the way down, but it was a losing battle.

Rika had already begun completely wetting her pants, it had soaked through her panties and was now forming a growing dark spot down both legs of her jeans, forming a puddle on the ground right around her knees.

"No, no, no!" Rika shouted, distressed.

She just froze in place as the pee continued to squirt out, running down her legs and thoroughly soaking her jeans. She was frozen there for a few minutes as it all drained out, forming a yellow puddle on the ground faster than the dirt could absorb it.

Rika sat there for a second, stunned at what had just happened. Once again, the boys calling out for her brought Rika back to reality.

She rolled back to a squatting position and looked down, abover her knees, her pants were thoroughly soaked, and down the front the rest of the way down. Rika looked down at the open front of her jeans, her white panties were now mostly stained yellow. How was she going to explain all this?

Again, the boys called out, "Hey, Rika, are you ok?"

Rika then decided she couldn't really find a way out of this situation, so she would just have to face the music.

She got up, re-zipped and buttoned her pants and walked back to the raft.

The boys stared at her, unsure of what had happened. One of them began to ask, "Rika, did you just...?" He began chuckling, Rika guessed at his intentions.

Rika didn't even dignify that with a response, other than shouting at him, "Shut up!" With such anger that both boys just backed off.

Rika's mind was too occupied already, she was wondering what she was going to do, this was her only set of clothes, she didn't even have any pajamas, or clean underwear for that fact.

The group soon got back on the raft, after giving a few minutes for the awkwardness of the situation to dissolve, if only slightly. They then pushed off back into the river.

It was later in the day, but Rika didn't want to stay in these clothes for any longer than was absolutely necessary. Rika made sure she was done with whatever she needed to do, then slipped into her sleeping bag. Under that cover, Rika slowly and carefully removed her pants and panties, setting them out next to her to dry.

Rika happened to notice one of the boys' shifting gaze, looking at the clothing, particularly the underwear, then to Rika.

The only response Rika gave to him was simply "Don't even think about it!" What exactly he was thinking, Rika didn't know, but she had a couple of guesses, and couldn't think of any good intentions he could have.

Rika continued the rest of the day in that...state of affairs...Fortunately, no incidents happened with the boys seeing something they shouldn't...that she knew of, anyway... Rika went to sleep right after eating, wanting to put this whole day behind her, and reminding herself to just tell the boys before it got that bad next time.

*002*2011-07-11 08:53

Yeah, I didn't give the other character names because I'm not all that familiar with that season, I just remember Rika...That's certainly something I will fix if I return to this subject in the future.

As for the lack of Digimon, I had a lot of debate over that as I was writing the story, if I wanted to have them in and keep the full fantasy aspect of the Digital world or what, as I did write one story not including the Digimon that was fairly successful. But now, I've decided that I might actually make this part of an ongoing plot...So, for this story, my explanation is, they were separated from their Digimon during this time, hence their reason for traveling by raft, to meet back up with them...

