Pokémon Jenny’s story

Author: lovegirl

*000*2012-08-30 22:09

Pokémon Jenny’s story (not officer jenny)

Ok so this is my first story I posted a little while back, and because of some mistakes I have tried to fix it.

I have been on my journey for almost a year. When I started I picked torchic to be my starter Pokémon. My friends Brendon and Samantha (we all just call her Sam) also got their Pokémon with me. Brendon picked mudkip, while Sam got treecko. We all went different ways to followed different dreams but we all met up every now and then. I also have a secret that I want to keep. You see I love wetting myself, by seeing how long I can hold my pee until I wet my panties. I have even tried holding it while I’m in gym battles or contest.

Today I decided to try and hold so at 12:00pm I started. I planned to play and after wards go to the springs in lavaridge town, so I began by having a lot of water with lunch and went train on jagged path.

At 1:30 on Jagged Pass.

“Trapinch use bite on that spoink.” I called as my Pokémon attacked and beat the spoink. “Good job trapinch you can learn crunch so you can forget bite.” I called as I tried not to hold myself in front of the other people around. I wore my favorite pair of blue jeans and top with a jacket around my waste.

“Hay Jenny how you doing” said a boy behind me scarring me to Squirt a little in my panties. As I turned around I saw that the boy was Brendon.

“B...Brendon you scared me” I said blushing a little.

“It looked like you were training pretty hard there.” Brendon said laughing “so how is your Pokémon team?”

“They are doing well, how are your Pokémon and you doing?” I asked

“Well, we just got our 6th badge and decided to celebrate at the springs” Brendon answered

“Wow I just got my 4th and was planning the same thing.” I said happy to know I now have some company.

“Well the springs don’t open until about 3:00pm so how about we have a battle to pass the time.” Brendon suggested.

“Ya but let’s find a less crowded place.” I said because I hate being around a lot of people for too long.

“Okay Follow me, I seen a clearing with no one around not too long ago.” Brendon said as he began to lead the way.

As I followed Brendon I stayed back a bit and tried to hold my pee in a bit beater but I knew I would be able to hold it till 3. I noticed Brendon was still wearing the same jacket he liked with the pin I gave him at the beginning of our journey. The pin had a Rayquaza designed on it. The fact that he had it made me happy because for the longest time I had a crush on him but have always been afraid to tell him that. But we have always been friends; He even helped me get my favorite Pokémon Ralts.

When we got to the clearing we started the 4 on 4 battles.

"Go Gardevoir” I called.

“You’re up Swellow” said Brendon, sending out the Pokémon I traded for Ralts. “Swellow use Aerial Ace”

“Gardevoir use Confusion” I called as Swellow’s attack had cased a critical hit on Gardevoir, but Swellow had become confused.

The battle was long and Brendon was wining, Gardevoir had lost to Swellow, so I used my Beautifly and he switched to Torkoal and had a one hit KO. I thin sent out Trapinch and he sent out Swellow again but Swellow was already tiered and fainted from one attack and evolved trapinch into Vibrava, but he was taken out by Swampert. After that my bladder was starting to heart but I was too focused on the battle to notes’. We thin sent out are last Pokémon my Blaziken vs. his most beautiful Pokémon, a Milotic.

“Ok Milotic use Hydro Pump.” Called Brendon and before my Blaziken could attack she was hit and slammed into a bolder.

“No Blaziken!” I cried out and ran to her.

“I’m so sorry; I didn’t know it would be so powerful!” Brendon cried as he returned his Pokémon and ran after me.

When I had seen that my Blaziken was ok I relaxed and returned her.

After I accepted Brendon’s apology we started to head back to the Pokémon sinter. But I didn’t make it 20 feet when I fell on my knees and grabbed my crouch.

“Hay...hay are you ok?!” Brendon asked wearied.

“I…I…I” I stammered before I heard the hissing, and everything went quiet but the hissing. My pants were now getting completely wet. If I had been alone this would have been great but I was in front of the boy I had a Crush on and he would think I’m discussing and run off.

As tears started to fill my eyes Brendon fell to his knees and suddenly threw his arms around me and told me it was ok and to just let it all out. I didn’t know whether he was telling me I could keep on crying or to finish reliving my bladder? So I did both. After I was done he lit go of me and looked me in the eyes.

“It’s ok I won’t tell anyone about this. You’re ok” said Brendon with a smile on his face. And in that instant I kissed him. I think I scared him with that but he soon began to kiss me back. After we were done we got up and he had me give him my jacket sins it was a bit wet and he gave me his to rap around my waste. As we headed back to the sinter we didn’t talk but we healed each other's hands.

We got to the sinter and had the Pokémon healed but kept one each to tack into the springs. We both changed into bathing suits and got in with his Swampert, and my Gardevoir. We spent the entire time holding each other’s hands and talking about what has happened on our journeys. Thin we both rented a room at a hotel and got into the same bead. That’s when I asked a question I wanted to know.

“Are we now in a relationship?”

“no this is a onetime thing” he said with a blank face, and that almost broke my heart until I knottiest his lips twitching trying not to smile thin he kissed me “ of course we are so don’t worry” he said with a bright smile on his face and we both soon fell asleep.

The next morning was upsetting because Brendon had to go one way and I had to go another but he said he would call every day and would come help me beat the rest of my gym battles when he was done so we both could go to the elite 4 together. But before we left he traded me my Vibrava for his Milotic saying it will come in handy, and we went on to the next battle

I hope you like the story and please give me feedback. I want to know how I can improve for my next story.

*002*2012-08-31 04:30

Thanks proxy11. i have another already on called pokemon sam's story wich is the next part in the story. if you or anyone have any ideas on how i can improve or help with the 3rd part i will like to hear

