Picking up Mom's friends

Author: btkdaku

*000*2019-11-25 11:51

Chapter 1

Aubrey uncrossed and recrossed her legs as the bus sped down the freeway, her bladder was starting to ache now. She took a quick peek to the seat beside her to confirm that Elena was still fast asleep. She envied her college friend’s ability to seemingly fall asleep anywhere and anytime, a skill that she, over her 41 years of life, had never been able to master. She tapped her foot impatiently and looked at her watch for the 4th time in the past hour. Still a half hour to go until they got to their destination. The bus had been behind schedule ever since the start of the journey, and Aubrey’s patience was running thin.

The last time she’d peed had been well over 8 hours ago, before she left her home. She had then met up with Elena for drinks, something she was now regretting, before they both made their way to the bus station, to embark on this long cross-country trip. They were going to visit Daphne, the final part of their trio. The three of them had been inseparable throughout college but Daphne had married shortly after graduation, and moved 300 miles away. They rarely got to meet anymore, and so they were all looking forward to this weekend getaway.

Her overfull bladder tingled again, breaking her train of thought.

Aubrey lifted her bum and crossed her legs again, smoothing her skirt as she sat back down. Her need was nowhere near an emergency yet, but the constant discomfort of her situation was putting her on edge. She pressed her thighs closer together, took a deep breath and started scrolling through her phone, she just had to wait for another twenty minutes.

###

Elena realized something was wrong as soon as she woke up, and it didn’t take her very long to piece together what it was. She needed to pee, and she needed to go very badly. Immediately she crossed her legs and tensed up, still not fully lucid she turned to the seat next to her, where her friend aubrey was busy scrolling through her phone.

“How much longer till we get there Aub?” she asked, her voice a little shaky.

“How convenient,” said Aubrey, rolling her eyes. “You manage to sleep through the whole trip only to wake up minutes before we get there? I envy you sometimes Elena, I really do.”

Elena breathed a sigh of relief, they were only minutes away from their destination, where she would be able to pee. She started anticipating her relief as the bus pulled into the station.

###

Emmet was pretty pissed by the time he saw the bus reaching the station, his mom had already made him late for the party that he was gonna go to, by asking him to pick up her two friends and bring them home, and now the bus was nearly 40 minutes late. He took a quick glance at his watch and realized that he would be over an hour late, and Sarah would be pretty pissed. He groaned as he exited the car.

He forced himself to smile as he walked toward the bus that had stopped by now. The last time he had met aunt Aubrey was nearly eight years ago now, and he didn’t even remember ever meeting aunt Elena, but his mom had assured him that he had. He unlocked his phone and looked at the picture of the two women he was picking up, since he couldn’t recall their faces from memory and he had to identify them somehow.

He waited by the bus as the pressurized doors made their distinct WOOSH sound before opening up, a few people walked out before he spotted aunt Aubrey descending the steps. She wore a button down casual shirt which was tucked into her tight black skirt, revealing the shape of her hips quite nicely. A couple of buttons on the shirt were undone, showing a generous amount of cleavage. She wore sheer stockings that showed off her toned legs.

Elena came next, wearing a plain white T-shirt and a tight pair of blue jeans through which he could clearly see the shape of her ass. The two women looked extremely attractive, even if they were over 40 years old. Emmet realized he had been staring and mentally chastised himself. Hoping they hadn’t noticed the barely legal boy staring at them, Emmet walked up to the two women with a smile on his face.

“Aunt Aubrey?” he said a bit sheepishly as he reached the two women.

Aubrey looked him over and it took a few seconds before recognition finally dawned on her, after which she smiled broadly.

“Is that you Emmet?” she asked almost incredulously. “You’ve gotten so.. So big.” she exclaimed. “I recall you being a lot shorter than me the last time we met.” she was still smiling.

“This here is your aunt Elena,” She continued. “You probably don’t remember meeting her since you were pretty young the last time she was here. And it's just like Daphne to send her son to do all the heavy lifting. Where is she?”

“Mom is still at the hospital, she had to do a surgery today and they’re still working on the guy I think, but she’ll be back in a little while. Let me get your luggage so we can be on our way.” he said as he started walking towards the area where the luggage was.

As Emmet waited for the luggaged to be unloaded from the bus, he noticed that both Elena and Aubrey looked a bit shifty. They were both had their legs crossed and were moving around uncomfortably. They talked amongst themselves for a few seconds before they walked toward him.

“Would you be a dear and get the luggage in the car Emmet, we just need to visit ladies room really quickly,” said Aubrey and they both walked off without waiting for his reply.

Emmet took their luggage and went back towards the car. When he saw Aubrey and Elena returning, he realizes something was still off, they both still looked a little nervous. Emmet could tell by the time they got back that they hadn’t been able to visit the restroom. Maybe there was a long line? But by how desperate the two women looked, they wouldn’t have left without relieving themselves. Emmet settled into the driver's seat and fired up the engine as the two women shuffled into the car, shifting nervously the entire while. This was building up to be an interesting ride.

Chapter 2

Aubrey knew this was going to be a close thing as soon as she saw that the restrooms were closed for renovation. It was probably illegal for a bus station of this size to not have active restrooms for the travelers but she wasn’t going to start a legal battle in the bus station. She and Elena, who had also admitted her need as they exited the bus, begrudgingly made their way back to where they spotted Emmet waiting for them by the car. She got into the front seat while Elena sat in the back, but she realized soon after, that sitting down made her need much worse.

“How long is the drive back.” Aubrey asked, trying to keep the concern out of her voice. She hadn’t been to Daphne’s place in a long time and didn’t remember how far it was. She hoped it wasn’t too far.

“Oh, it'll take us like twenty to thirty minutes, depending on the traffic of course.” replied Emmet, as he put the car in drive.

Twenty minutes. Surely she could hold on for twenty minutes? She was a grown woman of course, with teenage children of her own. It would get very uncomfortable, but she’d make it. She had to.

They had only driven for about five minutes when Aubrey had to shift her stocking clad legs and lift her butt, to straighten her skirt. Sitting still was getting harder by the minute, her bladder was filling up even faster ever since she’d exited the bus, with her kidneys releasing more and more urine her need was becoming worse by the second. The tingle in her bladder was now a constant thorn in her side, something she couldn’t ignore.

She lifted her butt again and crossed her legs, assuming a position that she thought would help lessen her need. As soon as she did it she realized Emmet had noticed something was up, and she cursed herself internally.

“Everything alright aunt Aubrey,” he asked with genuine concern in his voice. “ Is the seat not comfortable?”

Aubrey blushed, color rising to her cheeks as she realized she had been caught. She thought of coming up with a lie but dismissed the idea, coming clean.

“It's just that, I need to visit the toilet, it's quite.. Urgent” she finished, blushing again.

“Oh,” replied Emmet. “But didn’t you two go to the restroom when I was getting the luggage?” he asked.

“We did, but they restrooms were closed since they were renovating, so we didn’t get a chance to go.”

“Well it’s only a little while till we get home now, so you won’t have to wait long.” Emmet said smiling, this causing further embarrassment for Aubrey.

Great, the boy knows I have to pee now. Just great. Aubrey thought to herself as the pressure from her bladder continued to increase. The thought of peeing herself as an adult was mortifying, something Aubrey wasn’t even willing to think about, so she banished it from her mind and redoubled her efforts in holding.

Aubrey looked up to see that they were slowing down, since they’d hit some slow moving traffic. It took all she had to not curse out loud.

“How much longer?” Aubrey bit the bullet. The boy already knew she had to go, no point in continuing to mask her desperation.

“After we’re out of this traffic. Maybe 10 more minutes. Can you hold it till then Aunt Aubrey?” he asked, as if he were talking to a child.

“Just please drive quicker.” she replied as color rose to her cheeks again. Being talked to in this manner was humiliating but she was in no position to argue. Emmet must have realized by now just how urgent her need was but he was powerless to do anything in the slow moving traffic.

It took another five minutes for them to exit the traffic and turn onto an empty sub-urban road, but Aubrey’s desperation had gotten to an almost unbearable point by now. She had her legs constantly crossed by now and was squirming desperately in her seat. She shifted her weight from one side to the other and started rubbing her thighs together. She was nearly trembling with the pressure now and her legs were wound tightly over one another. She slid one foot out of her shoe and raised up her butt, placing a leg underneath her and sitting on her foot. None of this seemed to be helping.

Emmet was driving faster now but he seemed to be taking so many turns it appeared as though they were going around in circles. Aubrey's need to urinate had gotten as bad as she could ever imagine it getting. The last time she had been this desperate was in a similar car ride when she was fourteen, that had ended in her shamefully peeing her pants in the backseat of her parents’ car, one of her most embarrassing memories to date. She did not want a repeat of that experience, especially at the mature age of 41.

Her peehole was throbbing now, begging for relief. She could feel her bladder bulging as she clenched her sphincter muscle as tightly as she could, in constant fear that her urethra would at any moment, release the contents of her overfull bladder. She bit her lower lip and tried to wind herself even tighter, changing the leg she was sitting on and crossing them again, as she pressed her thighs even closer together and started moving back and forth, rubbing her butt on the seat underneath. Entirely unbothered by her efforts, her need continued to get worse.

Beyond the point of caring, Aubrey jammed a hand between her legs and place two fingers directly over her peehole. Her cheeks burned red with the knowledge that she had resorted to openly holding herself with her college friend’s barely legal son on the seat next to her, but she was out of options.

Aubrey was sitting on her foot now, bobbing up and down rubbing her thighs together constantly and a hand between her legs, but they still didn’t seem to be getting anywhere. In fact, Aubrey thought they had already been down this road before. Was Emmet purposefully going around in circles so Aubrey would have an accident? Why would he do that? What was to be gained from humiliating her like this?

Her thoughts were cut short as she felt her bladder twinge. A single burst of hot piss managed to break through her tired sphincter muscles. Aubrey gasped as she felt the warmth of her pee soaking into the crotch of her panties. Emmet was looking over again and she could swear she saw a sly smile on his face, for just a moment. Her peehole burned with a renewed heat after her mini release and she was sure she wouldn’t be able to hold it until they got back.

Looking up Aubrey saw that it was dark out, and there weren’t many people on the road. Out of options she did the only thing she thought might save her from completely wetting herself.

“Please pull the car over Emmet.” She said, her voice shaking.

“Are you .. are you sure?” Emmet asked, apparently taken aback by the question. “We’re only a few minutes from the house now.”

“JUST PULL OVER.” Aubrey shouted , which seemed to have the desired effect as Emmet slowed the car down and moved to the side of the road.

As the car started slowing down Aubrey felt another jet of piss shoot out of her peehole, the crotch of her panties got warmer before she felt the hot liquid collide with her fingers. Aubrey swung the door open even before the car had come to a complete stop and jumped out, hand still clamped between her legs she surveyed her surroundings, looking for a place where she would be hidden from view. She hadn’t found a place to pee when her bladder made the decision for her as more heat blossomed between her legs once more a strong spurt of pee escaped her peehole. She felt the crotch of her panties dampen further and the pee dribbled down her thighs, almost snaking its way to her knees. Out of both time and options, Aubrey lifted her skirt up followed by a single motion in which she yanked both her panties and stockings down, falling to a squat next to the still open car door.

SHHHHHHHHHHTTTTTTTT

The sound of piss hitting the asphalt filled the otherwise silent night and her nostrils were filled with the acidic waft of her own urine. Aubrey let out a deep moan as she continued to void the contents of her bladder on the side of the road. Steam was rising up from the puddle growing underneath Aubrey’s squatting figure and she shuddered with relief as her steady stream slowed to a trickle, before finishing fully. The force with which she’d peed had caused droplets of it to splash back onto her ass that now glistened as they dripped slowly back into the puddle at her feet.

Her relief was short lived however, as she came back to her senses and realized the absurdity of her situation. So it was surprising when she turned her head, still naked from the waist down, with droplets of her own piss trickling of her ass, when she saw Emmet, her college friend’s son, pitching a massive tent in his pants.

*004*2019-11-25 19:48

Chapter 3

It had only been about five minutes since they’d left the bus station but Elena was already reaching the limits of her endurance. She’d been mortified to learn that the toilets in the bus station were closed but lacking any other options, Elena had gotten in the car, where she prayed that she’d be able to make it back. Determined to hold it, Elena crossed her legs and ground her teeth as they pulled away from the bus station.

They had only been on the road for five minutes when Elena felt a strong pang in her bladder, causing her hand to instinctively shoot between her legs. She now had one of her hands constantly between her legs to help alleviate some of the pressure. Emmet had said that it’d take about twenty minutes to get back, and it had only been about five minutes since they’d left. That left about fifteen more minutes till she could relieve herself. Surely she could wait that long? Asking Emmet to stop along the way so she could go wee was a thought so embarrassing she wasn’t even willing to entertain it. So Elena kept holding on, counting the minutes until they’d get there.

“...only a little while till we get home now, so you won’t have to wait long” Elena realized she had zoned out during her attempts to hold in her pee. Had Aubrey just admitted to Emmet that she had to pee? Forgetting her own desperation for just a second, Elena focused on Aubrey.

Her friend had her legs crossed tightly over one another and she was moving her butt nervously. It appeared as though Aubrey had to go every bit as bad as Elena herself, and Aubrey had never been the shy type. This could be good for Elena. Maybe Aubrey would get so desperate that she’d ask Emmet to stop somewhere, some gas station or diner. And although Elena would be far too embarrassed to ask for a stop herself, she would gladly relieve herself if they stopped at any restrooms. Hoping that she’d outlast her friend, Elena soldiered on.

Her desperation only got worse as they drove on, seeing Aubrey constantly move her legs had an adverse effect on Elena’s own bladder and she suddenly felt a strong twinge which forced her to hold herself through the crotch of her jeans. She wasn’t at any risk of getting seen as she was sitting directly behind Emmet and Aubrey seemed too busy with her own predicament so she pressed her hand tightly against her peehole as they hit a pocket of traffic.

“How much longer?” Elena heard Aubrey say from the passenger seat. She must be getting truly desperate if she was bringing it up with Emmet again.

“After we’re out of this traffic. Maybe 10 more minutes. Can you hold it till then Aunt aubrey?” Emmet seemed genuinely concerned. Aubrey would probably ask him to stop after they exited this traffic, it was only a matter of minutes now, surely.

“Just please drive quicker.” Elena could hear the tension in Aubrey’s voice.

They had been in the traffic a few minutes when one of the cars directly next to Elena’s window honked. The shock made Elena jump and a short spurt made its way through her urethra. She felt it moisten the crotch of her panties as she started to panic. She had managed to gain control of her bladder again but she had definitely leaked, she hoped to god it wasn’t visible on her jeans.

After her leak, Elena’s desperation started to grow even faster than before. She was forced to clench her muscles even tighter and she had to jam both hands against the crotch of her jeans, where she could feel a spot of dampness. She was nearly shaking with the pressure now, but no matter how hard she tried , Elena couldn’t stop her burning peehole from leaking another small tricke. She managed to stem the flow momentarily but another spurt followed soon after. Followed by another. Her urethra was hurting now and she could feel the wetness from her leaks on hands. Her jeans were definitely wet now.

They had exited the traffic and moved onto a sub-urban area now. Aubrey seemed to be in very bad shape herself as she squirmed shamelessly in her seat, rubbing her thighs together it seemed like she was nearing the end of the line herself. Elena was sure she could hide the wetness of her jeans if Aubrey asked Emmet to stop now, but she couldn’t spot anyplace around that would have a public toilet.

Elena’s bladder cried out as a fresh spurt snapped her attention back to her own needs. She felt herself go red as she stemmed the flow once more. Small trickles of pee were now constantly leaking out of her peehole, even as she stopped them they turned to tiny spurts that spread the wetness around her crotch. Slowly, Elena lost what little control she had managed to maintain for the past few minutes as a longer spurt wrested its way loose from her tortured peehole.

SHHHHHHH

Neither Emmet nor Aubrey seemed to have noticed the muted sound Elena’s stream made as it struck the crotch of her jeans. She began to tear up as the warmth spread, first between her legs and inner thighs and then down to her butt.

She managed to stop the stream once again but the damage had already been done. There was absolutely no hope of hiding her accident now, the wetness between her thighs was clearly visible and she wasn’t even prepared to imagine what her ass must look like.

“JUST PULL OVER.” Elena was jolted out of her thoughts once more to see that Aubrey had a hand jammed inside her crotch and looked seconds away from wetting herself.

As Emmet slowed the car down, the last vestiges of Elena’s control crumbled away. Her tired peehole finally relaxed fully, releasing a strong jet of piss into her pants. The stream shot through her panties, jeans and hands that were still pressed over her crotch despite her earlier failures. She looked down at the growing wetness glistening on her thighs and crotch. There was a clearly audible hiss ementaing from her pants now and it was a wonder neither Emmet nor Aubrey had noticed the sound.

Elena’s stream continued as the car rolled to a stop, she could feel more wetness creep up her butt and seep in between her thighs. As Aubrey threw the door open Elena’s stream finally stopped. The seat was still absorbing the puddle that had grown under Elena when she heard a thunderous sound emanating from where Aubrey had just exited the car.

Too engrossed with her own experience, she hadn’t bothered looking at what had transpired with Aubrey. So it was a little consoling, given the humiliation she would have to face when her own accident would be revealed, to see Aubrey squatting right next to the car with her skirts hiked up and panties pulled down, with a fast expanding puddle at her feet. Maybe it was her imagination, but she swore she heard Emmet let out a little moan.

