Cassie and David: The Bet

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-12-30 14:06

That evening, Katy and her friend Wendy arrived at Cassie’s house. Katy was to watch Cassie while her parents were away overnight. Cassie invited David over to visit them. Katy explained to Cassie and David that she had made up with her friend Wendy, and had invited her over to visit them. She also revealed that they had made a bet with each other. Whoever held their pee longer would win $10 from the loser. They agreed to go pee at noon, and then drink an 8oz glass of water every half-hour. It was clear that Katy had followed the rules, as she was shifting uncomfortably as she talked to Cassie and David. At that moment, Wendy arrived also noticeably uncomfortable.  Without even greeting the others, Wendy blurted out, "I really have to pee!"

Katy grabbed her crotch for a moment."

"Th-so do I!" Katy now revealed the final rule. Wendy and Katy would have to play monkey in the middle, with Cassie and David, while trying to hold their pee. Katy was wearing grey sweat shorts and a black tank top, while Wendy was wearing red shorts and a white T-shirt. They went onto the street in front of Cassie’s house and began throwing a football back and forth. 20 minutes passed. They took a pause, and Katy, unable to stand still, started doing cheerleader moves, while Wendy stood shaking her legs. "Oh-th-I have to-th-pee so bad!" said Wendy. "I really have to go bad!" said Katy. After a brief rest, they started up again, their shoes pattering on the pavement, mixing with their squeals of laughter. Katy skidded to a stop and grabbed her crotch with her right hand and stepped from side to side. "Oh! Th-I’m going to pee myself!" she laughed.

She chased after the ball again and again skidded to a stop and grabbed herself. "Oh! Oh! I’m really going to pee myself!" she laughed. Meanwhile, Wendy was pacing pacing around holding herself tightly. "Oh my god! I’m so going to pee myself!" she laughed. They started after the ball again and Katy skidded to a stop, crossed her legs, and grabbed herself with both hands.

"Oh shit! Oh shit! Oh shit! Ohhh shit! Peed myself!" Cassie and David started cheering. A torrent of pee poured through a growing wet spot on the front of Katy’s sweat shorts and down her legs. Her pee formed a foamy puddle on the pavement and started trickling away in a pair of streams. Wendy, meanwhile, was hopping around with both hands jammed between her legs. "Oh god! Oh god! Oh god! Oh my god!! I’m peeing myself!!" Her red shorts darkened and pee poured down her legs to the pavement. "Eww! Gross!" Wendy exclaimed, "I’m covered in pee!" she laughed. Cassie and David were cheering again.

"Wendy wins!" shouted Cassie.

