Interactive Story

Author: livingbylies

*000*2013-02-13 22:56

So, this obviously draws some inspiration from the other interactive story on here, with a couple differences:

First off, there will be a much wider range of fetishes, depending on reader choices. Second, there'll be three choices instead of two (sometimes just standard, other times with the mass effect 'good' 'neutral' 'evil' and others with a 'aggressive' 'cautious' 'passive.' These will be clearly marked.)

First off, though, our character. She is 26 years old, female, 5'7" tall. Crew cut brown hair, 110 pounds, with ample feminine features. (Wish fulfillment, so sue me.)

She works as a private investogator, currently investigating a series of kidnappings in a wealthy neighborhood. Her name is Sarah Daniels.

Some guidelines:

You CAN die. If you do, the perspective will immediately switch to a different character.

I will be narrating in third person, but will only give facts as she sees them. That means my words may be misleading.

While fit and agile, Sarah is by no means a combat expert. She carries a gun, though, and can be scrappy if she is in hand to hand combat.

Lastly, she has little money. Any time a 'purchase' option comes along, bear in mind that if she runs out of cash she may need later... she's screwed.

Now, how should you start your investigation?

1. Talk to the kidnapped people's families.

2. Investigate where they disappeared.

3. Examine the police report that was issued to the public.

*004*2013-02-14 02:00

(Fyi, Karma exists in this universe, and it is indeed a bitch. For future reference.)

Sarah was ready to go. Her sidearm was loaded and in her side holster, a knife in her boot, a bottle of jim beam and a pack of camels in her pocket. Besides that, all she had was a notepad and two pens. Cell Phones could be tracked, and she didn't need anything else to investigate.

She liked to narrate her life. If it had been a pleasant day, she would describe the day as being still, restless, waiting for trouble. As luck would have it she needed no self narrative today, the skies were an angry grey and water was pouring down in buckets, frequent thunderclaps breaking the white noise of rain and lightning illuminating the afternoon.

Her hat was soaked, but at least kept the rain off her head. Underneat the hat her brown hair was blowing in the sharp wind, and she chastised herself for taking so long to get it cut. She could hardly see in this weather without her bangs waving in her blue eyes.

The black leather jacket she wore fared worse than her hat. Old and tattered, it flapped in the wind and only somewhat kept her dry. The same could be said for her black knee length skirt, which had a frayed hem and was nearly stuck to her knees from the water. At least her high top boots were waterproof, from the her calves down she was warm.

"What the hell do you mean, I can't get in?" She yelled at a fat security guard, who was checking Facebook and refusing to open the gate for her. "I walked twenty minutes to get here assuming my visitor pass would let me in!"

"Sorry ma'am, visitor passes only work on weekends," the guard said, wiping his sweaty hands on his pants.

Sarah scowled, shivered, and swore. *I hate gated community crimes...* she thought. Then, glaring at the sky, *Twenty percent light showers my ass...*

1. Bargain with him.

2. Try and find another way in.

3. Threaten.

*008*2013-02-14 23:12

It's a tie vote... unless someone else throws a vote in soon I'll flip a coin.

*010*2013-02-15 02:40

One it is.

Chapter two:

"Oh, come on," Sarah said, leaning on the outside of the security booth. "What's the problem with it? You think someone like me is going to cause trouble?"

The guard paused, looking away from his computer screen. "Well no, but it's policy."

"Oh, nobody will mind," Sarah assured. She was using a higher pitched voice than before, "I just want to talk to a couple people. Could you do a girl a favor?"

Another pause. "Who do you want to talk to?"

"Some friends and family members to the kidnapped people. I'm a detective, you see." She explained.

"Oh, of course..." He looked her up and down, clearly doing so less because of his career as a security guard and more because he was no doubt single and quite possibly lived in that little box. Sarah could see pizza boxes in the back and almost couldn't imagine him fitting through the door.

"Tell you what. I'm sure that the security for this place wants to get to tge bottom of this as much as I do. How about after I doy investigating, I come back and show you what I learned." Beat. "We can order pizza and talk about it over dinner." Or, he could order pizza and she would get a free meal.

He gave her a grin, showing his cavity ridden teeth. "Sounds good. I'll buzz you in." He said, passing a visitor security badge under the plexiglass that separated them.

"Thanks, sweetheart," Sarah said, taking it and walking on through.

(The following all have different results, but it's semi a surprise. Just pick whichever you think sounds best.)

1. Go talk to the Blackhearts.

2. Go talk to the Merriwillows.

3. Go talk to the Nortjlanders.

*016*2013-02-15 18:20

Alot of love for the Blackhearts? (Intentional misspelling of Alot.)

Walking through the gate, Sarah heard it clang loudly behind her. No turning back now, at least not if she wanted to be let back in. Shivering a bit, she hoofed it to the Blackheart residence. Something seemed suspicious about them, she just couldn't put her finger on it...

Even for a gated community, the Blackhearts had an impressive and imposing home. Five stories, and painted a dark color that couldn't be made out precisely in the bad weather. Sarah felt like she should be arriving in a limo just to deliver tge daily paper. Well, here goes nothing...

She knocked on the door. Two seconds. Three. Ten. An answer came in the way of a tall woman in a black dress answering. "May I help you?"

"My name is Sarah Daniels, I'm investigating the recent kidnappings and I'd like to ask you a few questions," the detective explained. "May I come in?"

"Please," the woman said with a rehearsed smile. "May I offer you a drink?"

How will you handle the questioning?

Friendly

Professional

Aggressive

*023*2013-02-16 04:07

"Sure, why not?" Sarah said with a smile as she wiped her feet off on the matt and hung her hat on the nearby rack.

"Just follow me," the woman, presumably Ms. Blackheart said. Sarah was led to a comfortable, warm lounge with a full wet bar. "What would you like?"

"Uh... Scotch, if you have it," Sarah said. "So, were you and your daughter close?" She asked. "It's always the families that get hit hardest in these tragic times."

"Very. She's still with us in many ways... do you think the police will find her?" Ms. Blackheart asked with obvious concern.

"If they don't, I promise I will." Sarah assured. She watched her host pour the drinks herself, ice from trays, two glasses. Sarah was ever vigilant for poison even in the most casual of situations, but they both had drinks from the same bottle and nothing was mixed in. Safe. "Thank you," She said as she accepted the glass. "When was the last time you heard from, eh, Shelby?" Was the next question. She had to pause when she recalled the name.

"She was going out for her morning jog, that's when she must have bern kidnapped." The host said. "I'm sorry, are you with the police?"

"No, ma'am, I'm on my own." Sarah felt a twinge in her bladder, signaling she would need to pee relatively soon, probably before the next house. Bad timing, but what could she do?

Keep asking questions.

As to be excused to the bathroom.

Ask to look around the house.

