Summer with Snape - Page 17

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*401*2012-06-01 17:09

Hey guys, what do you get when you have no sleep, a ton of rps, and about 5 fanfics your writing? Now combine that with real life, and you've got me. I'm sorry this is super late. I usually write about 5 chapters at a time and then just post them every three days. But i realized that when I went to post this one, it wasnt even written yet..Oops lol. Anyways enjoy this one, I try to keep my story as realistic as possible..well as realistic as one can when magic exists as it does lol.

Chapter 67

Harry smiled a big smile as they landed in their quarters at Hogwarts. He was feeling good perhaps his Professor was right, and he was happy that they got to spend the weekend together. He couldn’t wait to see what they were going to do for Christmas. This was going to be his first Christmas with his own family and he was excited. So deep in thought of what was to come he didn’t see the frown on Snape’s face as he read the parchment on the table. Harry was just about to head to his room when Snape called him.

“Yes sir?” He asked curiously.

“You will have detention tomorrow at 6:30pm, don’t be late Mr. Potter.” Severus said firmly.

“Detention, but I didn’t do anything yet sir,” Harry said in confusion as he looked at his father.

“Is that so? Then care to enlighten me to what you were exactly doing when I caught you and Mr. Malfoy in the hallway. It looked like dueling to me, but I don’t know so I guess I could be wrong.” Severus said sarcastically.

Harry winced he had forgotten about that, but didn’t Snape understand why he did that.

“Dad I only did that because he cursed me first,” Harry protested.

“Then you should have come find a teacher, and we would have dealt with it accordingly.” Severus said smoothly.

Harry didn’t say anything else, his good mood already turning sour. He didn’t even wanna be in the same room with the man. Even now Snape was unfair, Malfoy attacked him first, he defended himself and now he was being punished. He frowned knowing the blonde boy wouldn’t even get blamed before blinking quickly as tears of frustration and unfairness tried to make themselves known.

“Yes sir,” Harry said quietly, waiting for the man to dismiss him.

He was reward quickly and he walked into his room tossing his trunk on the floor. Making sure that the underwear was in there; though he left one pack in his room he headed out the front door. He was unaware that Snape was still talking to him so he didn’t realize that they had another problem about miscommunication, and he wouldn’t know until the detention. Harry hurried to his common room, wondering if his friends even knew had gone. He was surprised to see when he entered the common room that everyone was asking him if he was ok. What did they mean by that? He felt fine. Did they somehow find out about his breakdown? He was borderline hyperventilating when Ron grabbed him and tugged him towards the dorms.

“Where were you really Harry?” Ron asked quietly when they were alone, stave for Hermione.

“Went to the cottage with Snape,” he said with a small blush as he remembered.

“You got to go home for a weekend?” Hermione asked, a bit of a jealous tone in her voice.

“Well yea, after I broke down and cried in his office.” Harry admitted, the blush on his face deepening.

“What caused that Harry?” Ron asked softly.

“He saw me and Malfoy dueling and he was punishing me and I…err,” Harry looked at his friend in embarrassment.

“What happened Harry; what did you do?” Hermione asked curiously.

“It’s embarrassing, but after I did that, he found that I wasn’t sleeping much.” Harry rushed out.

“Why weren’t you sleeping?” Hermione asked, letting the previous question go unanswered for the moment.

“I ran out of…I mean, I just wasn’t,” Harry said in a panicked tone.

Ron nodded understanding immediately, so he didn’t comment on it. He couldn’t say the same for Hermione, as she opened her mouth.

“Ran out of what Harry?” She asked in confusion.

“Nothing Hermione,” Harry said quickly before turning to Ron.

“Harry did you wanna go flying tomorrow after class?” Ron asked as a distraction, but Hermione wasn’t fooled.

“No Harry, ran out of what?” She pressed.

“Hermione, let it go,” Ron said seeing how upset Harry seemed to be getting.

“No Ron I wanna know,” Hermione prodded.

Harry looked at Hermione with his bottom lip trembling. “I ran out of special underwear and I couldn’t get anymore because dad was so busy. I’m going to take a shower,” Harry replied thoroughly humiliated before running into the loo.

“Thanks a lot Hermione, you just don’t know when to quit do you?” Ron said frowning at her.

“What was he talking about anyway? What underwear?” She asked softly. She didn’t mean to embarrass Harry.

Ron scowled before pulling her close and telling her. He shook his head at her obvious embarrassment but maybe now she knew how Harry felt. He sighed as she walked back downstairs before getting on his bed and waiting for Harry.

Harry cried softly as he showered, wondering why she had to know. He got out, dried and got dressed for bed. This night was turning out to be horrible, first detention and then humiliation. He said a soft goodnight to Ron before falling into bed. He was asleep within minutes.

The next day went by quick and Harry was sitting at the table eating dinner, when he remembered he had a detention right after. His appetite was instantly curbed, and he absently drank his juice. All too soon it was time for him to go and he got up and quickly made his way towards the Dungeons. As he entered the first part of the dungeons the chill hit him and his bladder. He figured he could use the one in his dad’s office before detention and he knocked on the door.

“Enter,” Severus answered quietly.

“Hi,” Harry said softly as he stood in front of his Professor’s desk.

“Hello Mr. Potter, Mr. Malfoy is already in the classroom scrubbing cauldrons, and you will be doing the same.” Severus replied neutrally.

“Yes sir,” Harry replied morosely before walking into the classroom.

Harry glared at the other boy when he walked in but he didn’t say anything to him. He sighed as he grabbed a scrub brush and started on his pile of cauldrons. He worked diligently for a while, unconsciously two-stepping as his bladder filled. He didn’t notice as he worked; only focusing on his task which is why he was a bit surprised when he heard Malfoy turn on the water. Harry gasped suddenly as he spurted, and quickly crossed his legs. He turned towards the other boy hoping he hadn’t seen but the glee in the other boy’s face told him otherwise.

“Gotta pee Potter?” Malfoy taunted quietly.

“No, leave me alone.” Harry replied crossly before turning back to his work.

Now that he was aware of his problem it refused to be ignored. He danced around for a moment before placing the cauldron he was washing down on the counter. He looked at Malfoy for a moment before walking to his father’s office, closing the door behind him.

“Even with your cleaning abilities, I highly doubt that you are done with all of your cauldrons Mr. Potter,” Severus said sternly as he looked up at the boy.

“No sir, I am halfway finished with them though.”Harry replied honestly, crossing his legs casually. His eyes darted to the hidden toilet before turning back to his Professor.

“Then what seems to be the problem?” Severus said tiredly, wondering what Harry was doing.

“I have to go to the toilet,” Harry replied.

“And this is my problem because?” Severus asked, wondering if Harry was using this as a ploy to get out of detention.

“Because I gotta use the loo bad,” Harry said his tone getting more urgent as he stood there.

“Mr. Potter, this is detention. I’m sorry but you should have gone beforehand,” Severus said. He just decided to treat Harry like he did everyone else. Besides in here at this very moment Harry was just another student to him.

“But dad I was…,” Harry closed his mouth quickly as he was interrupted.

“Mr. Potter, I do believe I told you to address me as Professor Snape, when we are outside of our quarters.” Severus said, his dark eyes narrowing.

“Professor Snape, I was eating and I didn’t get a chance to go. Please sir; I’ll only be a moment.” Harry answered quickly as he re-crossed his legs.

“Back to your cauldrons Mr. Potter, or I will be forced to take points.”Severus said sternly.

Harry bit his bottom lip worriedly before walking back out to the classroom. He ignored the taunts of the other boy as he tried to focus on his detention. Why was Snape doing this? He had promised that Harry would never be denied at school. How come the man didn’t let him go? Harry bounced up and down as he scrubbed quietly.

“Awww, I guess Snape wouldn’t let the Gryffindor golden boy go potty. Are you gonna have another accident Potter?” Draco teased before smirking cruelly as he turned on the water.

Harry stiffened as he lost a long spurt into his pants. He gasped before dropping the cauldron so he could grab himself tightly. He didn’t realize how loud it hit the stone floor and he didn’t care, as he tried to contain the flood.

“Turn off the water,” he said desperately, tears springing in his eyes.

“Why would I do that? I’m washing,” Draco said smugly, evening going as far to turn the water up.

“Please Malfoy, just turn it off.” Harry repeated frantically, as he bent at the waist trying to prevent the inevitable.

Severus was beating himself up in his office, hoping Harry could hold on. The parent in him, wanted to go into the classroom and tell him he could go but he couldn’t. One; he never really allowed anyone to leave during detention. It was only an hour or two, and secondly: Malfoy the little snot was in there. The last thing Severus needed was Lucius on his case.

He was jerked out his thoughts as he heard a cauldron slam to the floor. He stood up and opened his door to the classroom and watched silently from the doorway. He could see his Slytherin taunt Harry, as his son begged for him to turn off the water. Severus winced to himself; Harry really was in a bad way. He frowned before making himself known.

“Mr. Potter, my office now,” He said darkly.

He noted out the corner of his eye that Draco was looking at the scene with happiness. Severus couldn’t wait until he could bring that little brat down to size. He turned towards Harry who was hobbling towards him and he moved to let him in. He closed the door behind him and locked it before spelling a privacy charm.

“Daddy I…gotta…go….right….now,” Harry stammered out practically in tears. He held himself tightly as he looked up at the man.

“I know you do Harry, you’re excused,” Severus said quickly as he moved out of the child’s way.

Harry frowned in dismay as he looked at his father in shock. Was his dad saying that he couldn’t use the one in his office? Harry looked at him sadly but didn’t say anything before he hobbled towards the door.

“Harry child, where are you going?” Severus asked in confusion.

“The toilet…ahh…I gotta go badly,” Harry whimpered as he lost a bit more from having to stop.

“You should know by now that you have permission to use my office loo,” Severus said quickly as he got up.

He walked over to the child and gently picked him up despite his protests. Thankful that the light spelled itself on; he set Harry in front of the toilet before quickly undoing his trousers. Severus himself sighed in relief along with Harry as the sound of water on water was heard. It was forceful and he frowned.

“You’ve been holding it again,” Severus remarked.

“You wouldn’t let me go,” Harry sniffled.

“I’m sorry child,” Severus whispered softly.

Harry didn’t say anything, but inside his mind was starting to calculate. And what he was adding up was all wrong. First Snape had ignored him at the store, and then he took his food away from him. Now back at school he didn’t seem to believe him when Harry told him he had to go. He shook his head as he finished up, something wasn’t right here. Was Snape getting sick of him now?

*404*2012-06-09 08:55

Hey guys, Its been forever, this story is the furthest thing from getting abandoned, I swear. I've been to tired to do much, but I'm getting better now. Anyways, here it is, its a small filler chapter. But for those of you curious, the next chapter which has been written for weeks(it was only this unwritten one stopping it) is about Draco getting his compupance for humilating Harry, Severus style..Its awesome..lol In the mean time enjoy this one, its goodish too lol.

Chapter 68

The next day around lunch Harry was trying to forget. What was he trying to forget? Everything, he didn’t want to get caught up anymore then where he was. He had convinced himself that Snape was giving him away. And he knew that he should get used to the whole situation.

After all he had mostly known hate, and anger for the majority of his life. Just because Snape took him one summer and cared for him was all moot. Harry sighed as his friends read the paper; there was a sighting of Sirius Black not too far from Hogwarts.

Everyone was freaked out, and Harry was a bit scared. He hoped the man stayed away, because he knew if he was confronted with him he would kill him. He frowned he had promised Snape he wouldn’t look for the man but since when did Snape keep his own promises to Harry? He shook his head as he looked at the staff table darkly, he could see it now. Maybe Snape told the headmaster that he didn’t wanna be Harry’s father anymore. Harry sighed softly he wouldn’t be surprised if he got called up to talk to him at that very moment. Harry looked up curiously when he felt a poke.

“The headmaster wants to see you Harry, as soon as you get done,” Percy told him.

“Ok, thanks Percy,” Harry replied softly. What were the effing odds right?

“The password is lemon lollies,” he said before walking over to check on some first years.

Harry shrugged to himself before standing up. He was more or less done at the moment. He didn’t think he could eat anymore because he didn’t know what the man wanted to talk to him about. Maybe he shouldn’t have spoke too soon, maybe the headmaster really was about to tell him he had to go back to the Durselys. After all the man was responsible for putting him there in the first place. Harry forced himself to take a deep breath not wanting to cause a panic attack as he neared the gargoyle that guarded the headmaster’s office.

“Lemon lollies,” he said softly, before walking up the steps as it opened. He knocked on the door once before he heard a voice granting him permission to come in.

“Hello Headmaster,” he said softly as he walked in and took a seat opposite the man’s desk.

“Hi Harry, can I offer you a lemon drop?” Albus asked kindly holding the bowl out.

“Thank you Headmaster,” Harry said as he popped a tart sweet into his mouth.

“You are welcome Harry, mostly everyone refuses them. It’s nice to know that you like them as well,” Albus said with a kind smile.

“Am I in trouble Headmaster?” Harry asked after a moment.

“No child, why would you think that? Have you done something that you feel you should be in trouble?” Albus asked with a small smile.

“No sir, I was just curious to know why you wanted to see me today.” Harry replied with a small blush.

“Oh, I didn’t mean to frighten you child. I just wanted to talk to you about the Durselys.” Albus replied easily.

Harry’s heart picked up at the man’s words. He knew it was too good to be true. He wouldn’t go back though. He had enough money in his vault he would get some and run away. He refused to go back to his Uncle; he couldn’t take the pain of it anymore. He felt lost not, and dejected. He didn’t have anybody in the world for him. He shook the sad thoughts and the tears away. He needed to be strong; he had to show them that this didn’t get to him.

“What about them Headmaster?” he asked in a squeaky voice.

The terror of being sent back was wrecking havoc on his body. He could barely stop himself from trembling, and it made him aware of a growing need in his belly. He ignored it for now as he waited for the Headmaster’s answer.

“Why didn’t you tell me or your Head of house how they were treating you?” Albus asked softly.

“I thought that you knew, because I had asked not to go back and you said it’s for your own good. I thought this was your way of punishing me.” Harry admitted softly.

“Why would you think that child?” Albus asked quietly. He would need to speak to Severus after this little discussion.

“Because you’re Albus Dumbledore, you’re supposed to be all knowing. How could you not know? Especially when you placed me there, why would leave me there?” Harry replied softly,

“You’re mother’s blood protected you from magical beings who wanted to hurt you. I never thought that your blood relatives wished the same.” Albus answered.

Harry didn’t answer as he took a gulp of the tea, it had the faint trace of a calming draught but he didn’t care. He relaxed immediately, relishing in the comfort it provided. He didn’t want to panic right now. He squirmed in his chair slightly, the tea seeming to go straight to his bladder.

“Professor; do I have to go back to them?” He asked softly.

“Of course not Harry, Severus nor I would allow that. Why would I take you from a good home and put you back into an abusive one?” Albus asked softly.

“I don’t know,” Harry said squirming more under the gaze he was receiving.

“Is everything alright child?” Albus asked curiously.

“Everything is fine Headmaster,” Harry replied quietly before turning back to his tea.

Harry listened as his the man lectured him on speaking up if someone was hurting him. He was starting to feel like he had been stupid. If he had known that telling Snape about the Durselys would mean he would get away from them he would have done that forever ago. He relaxed back in the chair, now that he wasn’t worried about being sent back, though that didn’t explain why his dad was being weird. Harry shrugged before touching his lower stomach. It was really firm and full and he sat up, not wanting to disgrace himself.

“Headmaster, can I use the…” Harry was cut off when the door to the man’s office opened revealing Remus at the door. He shrugged as they started talking only to wonder how they were talking and he couldn’t hear anything.

Assuming a silencing spell was in place he absently drank the rest of the tea and munched on the snacks on the tray. About 15 minutes later they were still in their discussion and he was wiggling around in his seat. He needed the toilet like now, but he didn’t want to disturb them. He fanned his legs impatiently as he waited whining softly as his urge increased even more. Harry found himself frowning, unable to do anything about it. After a few more minutes had passed he couldn’t take it anymore and he stood up. He bent over at the waist for a moment before speaking.

“Headmaster I need the loo,” He said desperately unsure if they could even hear him.

Remus was talking to Albus about something regarding the ministry and him, not really paying attention to the child in his chair. They had placed a selective silencing charm where the boy couldn’t hear them but they could hear him. At the moment he stilled as he heard the obvious desperate tone of the child, who he recognized immediately as he Harry.

“Albus, Harry needs the toilet.” Remus said quickly as he turned to look over the desperate child.

“He does, did he speak up?” Albus asked before turning around to look at Harry.

“He did just now,” Remus said canceling the spell.

“Harry what did you say?” Albus asked quietly.

Harry looked from his Professor to his Headmaster and blushed brightly as he tried to repeat himself. That wasn’t needed as his bladder suddenly jolted and he frantically grabbed for his crotch with both hands. Harry whimpered as he crossed his legs, and bounced at the same time. He didn’t know if he would make it to the bathroom, a few ways down the corridor and he wasn’t about to ask if he could use the one in the man’s office. Did he even have one in his office?

“Albus I think it was quite clear on what he wanted.” Remus said quickly not wanting Harry to have another accident.

“I know that m’boy, but Severus likes him to speak up and express his need.” Albus replied quietly.

“I…need…a…a…w-w-wee,” Harry stammered out. He felt like he was squeezing the life out of himself but it wasn’t doing much good.

“Is that good enough?” Remus asked turning towards the man.

“Of course my dear boy, its right through there,” Albus said pointing to a door on the far left of his desk.

Harry nodded before attempting to walk a few feet only to stop suddenly and bend over as he spurted in his underwear.

“Can you get my dad?” He asked anxiously, he needed Snape right now. He couldn’t move another step without leaking again.

“Cub, I think Severus is overseeing a detention right now.” Remus replied wondering why the boy hadn’t moved anymore.

“I need him though, please Headmaster can you get him?” Harry asked, his eyes welling with tears of frustration.

“Harry what did you need help with? I thought you needed the toilet?” Albus asked gently.

“I do have to go, that’s why I need my dad. Please can you get him?” Harry asked miserably, as another spurt made his way through his tight grip. His hands were becoming damp, and he didn’t want to wet himself in the middle of the Headmaster’s office.

“Do you need help getting to the toilet Harry?” Remus asked kindly, pretty sure he figured out the problem.

“I need Professor Snape,” Harry repeated even as his face blushed red.

“I can help you Harry, I don’t think Severus will get here in time.” Remus replied gently.

Harry closed his eyes, willing the tears to stay where they were he was humiliated. He didn’t know what to do, his embarrassment starting to take over until his bladder pulsed again and he whimpered quietly.

“That’s it, excuse us Albus,” Remus said after hearing the whimper. He walked over to Harry and carefully picked him up and rushed into the loo, shutting it behind him. He quickly set Harry down in front of the toilet, and turned around to make his way out to give the boy privacy.

Harry watched him leave; already knowing he couldn’t undo his trousers with one hand. He held himself tighter and jumped up and down hoping they would get Snape. He sniffled, it hurt so badly and he couldn’t undo it on his own when he was like this. He would hold on like he did in Mcgonagall’s office, and hope Snape came.

“Wow, Severus has to deal with all the time?” Remus asked quietly, keeping an ear out for Harry.

“He does, Harry has gotten better. I do agree it’s very nerve wracking.” Albus replied.

“What’s being done about the Durselys?” Remus couldn’t help but ask.

He turned his head sharply towards the toilet door; he didn’t hear the sound of water hitting water; what was going on? He could hear sniffling, and his heart sank.

“What is it Remus?” Albus asked seeing the expression on the younger man’s face.

“I don’t think Harry made it,” he said quietly before getting up and knocking on the door.

“Who is it?” Harry asked tearfully, his stomach hurt so badly at this point.

“Harry cub, did you have an accident?” Remus asked quietly.

“No, I didn’t.” Harry replied quickly.

“Are you sure, then why are you crying?” Remus asked skeptically.

“I can’t get my trousers undone,” Harry admitted softly.

“I’m coming back in,” Remus said with a sigh. He should have asked first to see if Harry needed any help.

“Dad…Professor Snape usually does it.” Harry said with he saw Remus; a shameful expression on his face.

“But you’re 13; shouldn’t you be able to undo your trousers by yourself?” Remus asked pointedly.

“I can do it normally, but not when I gotta go bad…like now.” Harry said, whispering the last two words out, unaware that his Professor had heard it.

“I understand, let me help you then.” Remus said quickly unbuttoning his trouser and standing back up. He turned around to leave again.

“Wait Professor, I kinda still need help.” Harry mumbled, dying inside of mortification.

“What is it Harry?” Remus asked, curiously.

“Can you…uh…pull my trousers down?” Harry asked so low, but he couldn’t make himself repeat it. That didn’t matter as the man heard anyways, and Harry had to wonder why his hearing as so good.

Remus quickly did just that, and was turning to make his way out when he heard Harry’s sigh of relief as he started relieving himself. Feeling embarrassed himself; Remus came out of the loo with a red face, startled to see Severus looking at Albus agitatedly.

“Severus, what are you doing here?” Remus asked in confusion, he didn’t need his wolfsbane yet so that couldn’t be the reason.

“Albus called me, said Harry needed me. Where is he?” Severus asked looking around the office in confusion.

“He’s using the toilet,” Lupin replied.

“Did he make it?” Severus asked out of instinct.

“Barely, I didn’t know he needs helps getting out of his trousers. He’s 13 years old, shouldn’t he know by now?” Remus said pointedly.

“He panics when he gets desperate and he can’t get it undone fast enough. Trust me it’s easier to do it yourself; I found that out the hard way.” Severus said shaking his hand at the memory.

“He was calling for you, but I didn’t think you would get here in time so I helped him out. I don’t know if that was ok or not,” Remus said apologetically.

“It’s fine Lupin,” Severus replied hearing the toilet flush.

“Dad,” Harry replied with a grin as he came out the loo.

“Everything ok?” Severus asked.

“Yup, can I help you with a potion tonight?” Harry asked excitedly.

“You can, you still need to study for your lesson tomorrow.” Severus said gesturing for Harry to leave so he could talk to the men in the office.

Harry shrugged before making his way out the door and down the steps.

*408*2012-06-09 21:01

{{: 

Another great chapter! I love this series, you know. Of course, by now, you have such a large following, you probably don't care if I read it anymore or not, and I've been away for a while. Anyway, I love this story!

}}

I do care actually, and I'm happy that you're still enjoying it.

*409*2012-06-12 04:48

Hey guys, this is the payback chapter so to speak, Draco gets the first parts of his comeuppance...so I hope you guys like it.

Chapter 69

Severus had been livid by the time they got back to Hogwarts. He was happy that Harry and he had spent the time they needed together but he knew that everything wasn’t better just yet. At the moment he was working on a potion that usually wasn’t used unless you were a healer.

He held a vial in his hand and looked at it closely, knowing that this particular potion was strong, but it wouldn’t hurt anyone in anyway. He smirked, Malfoy wouldn’t know who did it but he would know that it was revenge for something. It was a Slytherin tactic and he knew it wouldn’t fail. Pocketing the vial, Severus walked outside into the corridors in search of a pair of red-headed twins. They nearly bumped into him and as he looked behind them and saw Filch he knew the reason why.

“My office now,” Severus said before turning around, knowing that they would follow him.

The twins glanced back at Filch before looking at one another and quickly following their potions master. As they walked into his office and closed the door, they were aware of a few privacy spells that had been placed.

“Professor, what’s going on?” Fred asked cautiously as he took a seat.

“Harry was attacked a few weeks ago, by a few of my Slytherins.” Severus said casually, though the narrowing of his eyes showed that he was anything but calm.

“Merlin, where did this happen?” George asked horrified at what they were being told.

“In the toilet near the great Hall I’m assuming,” Severus replied quietly.

“Which Slytherins did it Professor?” Fred said with a glint in his eye, that Severus had never seen before.

“Just one in particular, the rest of them were just followers and I will take care of them. The leader was Draco Malfoy,” he said.

“I see, and I take it you have something planned for Malfoy?” George asked softly.

“That I do, I need you two to make sure that Malfoy’s consumes this.” Severus explained before taking out the vial and placing it on his desk.

“What is this Professor?” Fred asked as his brother inspected the vial.

“That is a powerful diuretic,” was all Severus said knowing they would catch it.

“Malfoy made Harry wet himself in the loo?” George finally asked.

“Indeed, and he kicked him and made him afraid to be in the one place he felt accepted. How dare that little snot hurt my child?” Severus said shaking his head angrily, as he lost his composure for a moment, before gaining control and looking at them.

“We’ll take care of it Professor; in fact we know a house elf who would love to help us.” Fred said with a wicked grin.

“Thank you,” Severus said gratefully.

“Anything for Harry Professor, and you,” Fred replied with a shrug.

“When did you want Malfoy to take this?” George asked as they stood up.

“Tomorrow at breakfast, he has potions first thing and everyone knows I never allow anyone to leave my classroom; only in extreme circumstances.” Severus replied with a smirk.

“Will you show us the memory?” Fred couldn’t help but ask.

“Of course I will,” Severus replied before dismissing them.

As they exited his office Severus allowed an evil smile to grace his face, Malfoy was getting his. The good thing about this was no one would know that he or the twins had any part of it.

True to their word, Fred and George found Dobby who was more than willing to put the potion in the Slytherin’s food and drink the next morning. They walked out the kitchen with a smile, wishing that they were in the Gryffindor and Slytherin 3rd year potions class.

The next day came soon enough and Harry dragged himself out of bed, and quickly got dressed. The weekend had passed by so quickly and he couldn’t wait until Christmas break when they went back to the Manor. He headed with Ron and Hermione to the great hall and sat down for breakfast. He glanced up at the head table nodding to his father, and wondering why he was smirking. Harry shrugged before turning to his food.

Severus blanked his face when he realized that Harry was looking at him curiously. As the last of the students came in he focused his attention on the Slytherin table. He could see Theodore eating his food, and he would glance every so often at the head table before looking at the lion. He looked at Lupin to find him sharing a knowing glance with his Snake. What was that about?

He would find out later, at the moment he watched as Draco consumed his food and juice unaware that anything was wrong with them. The potion was tasteless and was undetected. He returned to his own meal, relishing in his hot tea. Severus stood up from the table, wanting to be in his classroom early today. He walked out the side door and headed to his dungeons.

Draco ate his food blissfully unaware of what was going on in his body. He sneered at the lion table, having taken Potter down a notch or too he was on cloud 9. Draco felt justified in what he did, and he would apologize for nothing. After all it was about time that the Gryffindor golden boy got what was coming to him. He finished the last of his eggs and started chugging his pumpkin juice. It was cool and refreshing and he was happy to note that it refilled up as soon as he was through. Grabbing his bag and gesturing to Vincent and Greg to get up they made their way out of the Great hall.

As they walked through the dungeons he was aware of a mild twinge in his bladder, but he wasn’t worried. For one thing, his bladder was strong and he had no problem holding it for long periods of time, another thing was he just knew he was the teacher’s pet in potions and he knew that his head of house would let him go; or so he thought. Walking through the door he took his seat up front on the Slytherin side of the room and pulled out his books and parchment as he waited for class to start.

He sneered when he saw the Weasel and the Mudblood walk in with Saint Potter, and he smiled evilly. If only they knew that the lion had pissed himself like a baby, would they still hang out with him. He was too busy thinking of ways to let it slip to the know-it-all, and wasn’t aware that Snape was paying attention to him.

Harry didn’t look at Malfoy when he walked into the classroom, he didn’t look at his father either. He kept his gaze on the ground, not wanting to attract attention to himself. Harry took his seat next to Ron as Hermione took the one next to Neville. Professor Snape didn’t seem so angry when she prevented the cauldron from exploding every class and Neville was actually passing thanks to her. Harry only looked up to write what was on the board and setting out his supplies.

Draco smirked as he noticed the tenseness in the lion’s shoulder, proud that he had been the one to do that. He sent his friends to grab the ingredients from the cabinet as he rinsed out a cauldron. He shifted from foot to foot and quickly turned off the water before looking at the clock. Class had just started not 2 minutes ago and he knew even if he was Snape’s favorite that the man would not let him go just yet.

Draco gingerly took a seat as he started chopping up the roots. He shifted constantly in his seat, the urge to go getting stronger every minute that went by. He couldn’t understand why he had to go so bad so soon, and he glanced at the clock again. Only 10 minutes had passed but he felt like he might be in serious trouble if he waited, so he raised his hand.

“Professor Snape, May I please be excused?” Draco asked politely, willing his body to be still as everyone looked at him.

“Mr. Malfoy, I do believe class has only been in session for 10 minutes. You should have taken care of your business during your morning break.” Severus explained neutrally, though inside he knew the boy would be feeling it more so in a few moments.

He knew when that happened because the boy was suddenly unable to be still and one of his hands disappeared underneath the table. Severus nodded before he started his walk around the classroom to check the students work.

Draco was in frenzy, as he gripped his member tight. He could swear his stomach was sloshing and he regretted all that pumpkin juice he had with breakfast. He needed the toilet at this very moment, or he was very sure he might have an accident in class. He knew that Snape wasn’t going to let him go though and he didn’t want to draw any more attention to himself in case anyone figured out his predicament. He froze as he lost a spurt and his eyes widened as he gritted his teeth to hold it all together. This was torture and he raised his hand again.

“Professor, please its an emergency.” Draco cried out.

“Mr. Malfoy, I can assure you that if it was really an emergency you would have gone before my class started. You are aware of my policy are you not? Another interruption out of you and I will be owling your father about your appalling behavior,” Severus threatened.

Draco swallowed audibly, knowing if his father got that owl he would be in big trouble. He had no intention of getting in even more trouble since his father had found out that Granger’s grade were better than him. He sighed softly, as he continued to hold himself.

45 minutes into the class and Severus was very surprised on how Draco capacity to hold it. He knew that once you went with a diuretic in your system, you had to go about every 15 minutes or so, this day would be interesting for the young Slytherin indeed.

Draco was literally sweating; his bladder had never been so full in his entire life. He could feel some more trying to make its way out and he clenched his muscles hard. His face was taking on one of agony as he struggled to hold on. Snape was calling out people to write on the board and he was always called sooner or later. This was a way to get easy points for Slytherin, but this time he hoped that Snape wouldn’t call on him. No such luck.

“Mr. Malfoy, please come up here and explain three different ways, you can use the amarillo root.” Severus said, knowing this wasn’t suspicious in the slightest, since Draco always was called on. He knew it irked Miss Granger the most, but he needed to show favoritism.

“Yes sir,” Draco said tightly, knowing that he couldn’t get out of it.

He carefully stood up, taking his hand away from his crotch, wishing that his robe pockets where he could hold himself without being so noticeable; as he stiffly made his way to the board. He turned towards his teacher once before he started writing on the board. Since he front was hidden from view he was able to grab himself again, which he found out he needed to unless he wanted to have an accident in front of his whole class. His hips were swaying constantly as he rocked on his feet, standing up made him have to go so much worse. He felt another leak and he stifled a moan as he bent slightly at the waist.

Severus was watching this was a neutral expression, though inside he was feeling a bit gleeful. He hoped that after this incident the blonde boy would’ve realized that what he did to Harry was wrong. How did he like it when he was refused his natural right? Severus didn’t take into account that anyone would speak up, because he knew that even Draco’s housemates thought he was a prat.

Harry looked at Ron who was watching Malfoy dance around with a smirk, and he elbowed him once to focus on their potion.

“What did you do that for?” Ron asked eyes, glancing up as he saw Draco’s desperate dance get more frantic.

“Because we need to work on the potion,” Harry said, feeling a bit bad for the blonde for a moment, until he remembered just what the boy had done to him. He knew his father could spot a potty dance anywhere, so he had to know that his snake was close to losing it.

Draco gasped quietly as he lost a 2 second spurt, thankful that his robes would cover it, if it showed up on his trousers. He turned towards his head of house with a grimace, his expression showing just how desperate he really was.

“Are you in need of the loo Mr. Malfoy?” Severus asked quietly, knowing he couldn’t ignore Lucius’s spawn for long.

“Yes sir, may I please go to the toilet?” Draco whimpered, planning to beg if his teacher said no.

“You may, but you know the rules, detention tonight at 8. Don’t be late.” Severus said before gesturing with his hand to leave. If he was correct in his assessment the brat would lose control before he even made it to the door.

“Theodore, please come finish what your housemate started,” he said keeping an eye on Draco.

Draco groaned at that before slowly making his way around his teacher’s desk. As he got in front of it; in full view of the class he felt his bladder start to give out and he froze.

“No, Merlin no,” Draco whimpered to himself as he abandoned all discreetness in favor of not wetting himself in the middle of class. He wasn’t aware that his cries had attracted the class’s attention to him and they became aware of his situation, if they weren’t already. That didn’t matter to him as he started to take a baby step only to freeze suddenly but it was too late.

He closed his eyes as it all suddenly poured out of him, his back leaned again his teacher’s desk as he shuddered in relief. His liquid hit the stone loud and clear; as if someone had placed an amplifying spell on it. He felt like he peed for ages, and he closed his eyes as his bladder emptied himself.

Severus watched the whole thing with a sneer on his face, lips twitching as he caught the look on Harry and Ron’s face. He schooled his features and crossed his arms before making his way towards his Slytherin who was still relieving himself on his classroom floor.

Draco wondered if he would ever stop and he opened his eyes wide when he saw how big his puddle was. He wondered how long this would go on for, before he closed his eyes in relief again too caught up in his pee high to remember where he was. Finally his stream ended and his puddle was currently making its way down the middle aisle. He swallowed the fear in his throat as he realized he was still in the potions classroom.

He has just wet himself like a baby in front of everyone. What would his father say when he found out, never mind his father what would Snape think? He turned towards the man and flinched from the glare he was receiving since the Gryffindors were usually on the other end of that not him.

“I believe I had excused you to the toilet Mr. Malfoy, why did you just stand there and blatantly wet yourself in my classroom?” Severus asked in a dangerous voice.

“I-I-I didn’t m-m-mean to sir,” Draco stammered out fearfully.

“Get out; you have just disgraced the Slytherin house. Are you 13 years old or 3? Your father will not be happy about this and I cannot tolerate this behavior Mr. Malfoy, 10 points from Slytherin. And don’t you worry Lucius will surely hear about this,” Severus said ominously as he spelled the floor clean, leaving Draco in his wet clothes.

Draco looked at his head of house in horror before walking to his desk to grab his bag. No one was laughing but he was sure had they not been in Snape’s class they would have, judging by their smiles anyways. His wet pants were cold and starting to chafe his legs, and he hurried as quickly as he could to his common room to shower and change clothes.

*412*2012-06-19 10:15

Hey guys, I dont know whose still out there reading this incredibly long story, but for those of you that are. I hope you like it.

Chapter 70

Draco skipped Herbology, Transfiguration, and Divination that day; because every time it seemed like he had gone to the toilet he had to go again. He was very fearful of having another accident in class. He didn’t like getting laugh at; he had never been more humiliated in all his life.

He knew what he did to Potter was wrong, but until he had wet himself he didn’t know how the boy felt. Now he did and he hated it. The whole school was bound to know now, how would he ever face them? He didn’t go down to lunch, instead calling a house elf. He was just finishing lunch when he heard a tapping on the window. He went to let the owl in and retrieved the letter tied to his foot.

Mr. Malfoy,

It has come to my attention that you have skipped 3 classes today, if you miss another one your Father will be receiving another owl from me later on today. Don’t forget your detention at 8.

S.S

Draco sighed and flopped back on his bed, not wanting to get in even more trouble. He only had one class after lunch and it was DADA with the Gryffindors and he wasn’t looking forward to that. As the lunch bell signaled the end he headed to the loo to use it before grabbing his bag and heading towards his next class. As he came to the door he ignored the sniggers from both his housemates and the lions and he felt his face heat up in shame when he remembered his accident earlier that morning.

Draco took a seat next to Blaise since he seemed to be the only one not making fun of him. The other boy seemed to be ignoring him and for once that didn’t bother him. He took out his parchment and quill as class got started. 20 minutes into the class and he was feeling his bladder again. He looked up at the teacher only to shake his head knowing that he would never let him go. Draco knew that Lupin favored Harry, everyone did. If Harry had told someone, then he wouldn’t gain any sympathy, not that he needed any from that man.

He stood up with the rest of the class as they got ready to practice a spell. He sighed softly to himself as he was first partnered with Weaseley. Was it just him or did the other boy have a steel glint in his eye? He knew it wasn’t just him when he was suddenly knocked on his feet from an Expelliarmus. He groaned and automatically clenched his bladder muscles before looking towards the Professor. Draco bit his lip but he wasn’t about to ask. He didn’t want to get denied in class again, but he also didn’t want to wet himself. He bounced on his feet as his desperation quickly grew.

Harry was partnered with Neville but his gaze kept going back to Malfoy. He had felt kind of bad for him this morning when he peed himself in front of everyone. Harry couldn’t help but think that the blonde boy had deserved it for what he did to him. At the moment Harry was wondering why he wasn’t asking again, when it was obvious even to him he had to go. Harry shook his head; it wasn’t his place besides the boy brought it on himself.

Draco was close to tears, forget close he was sniffling constantly as he held himself with one hand. He was unable to let go of his crotch, he had to wee so badly! He whined softly as he blocked Weasely’s spell, but didn’t say anything. He wasn’t sure how long he could hold it, and it was starting to hurt.

Harry sighed as he looked back over at the boy. His conscience was fighting his anger, and it was winning. He wanted the boy to embarrassed, but he had been that morning. He sighed loudly before walking over to Remus who was helping one of his housemates.

“Professor can he use the toilet?” Harry asked quickly.

“Yes Harry you may go,” Remus replied absently.

“I don’t have to go Professor, but Malfoy does. Can he go?” Harry asked again.

Remus looked up where Harry was pointing and he could plainly see the potty dance the boy was performing. He shook his head, weren’t they all old enough to know when they had to go. He sighed softly before making his way towards the blonde boy. He vaguely wondered that Harry had a heart similar to Lily. The blonde boy had humiliated and hurt him and yet Harry didn’t want to the same to happen to him. The kid had a good head of his shoulders, he mused.

“Mr. Malfoy, may I see you in the hall?” Remus said gesturing towards him.

“Yes sir,” Draco whispered fearfully as he walked out of the classroom. He stood in front of his Professor stiffly, or at least tried too. He moved around constantly and he was jumping up and down trying to keep the flood in.

“Draco, why haven’t you asked to be excused?” Remus admonished.

“Because I thought you wouldn’t let me,” Draco said tears shining brightly in his eyes.

“We will talk after class, but right now I know you have an urgent need,” Remus said quickly.

“Yes sir,” Draco replied before taking off down the hall and towards the loo.

He busted through the toilet door and froze having an extreme case of déjà vu only he was on the wrong side. Inside the toilet were the Weasely twins and they were looking at him coldly. Draco squirmed in place but he didn’t move from his place by the door. George, or was it Fred finally spoke and his insides chilled.

“We know what you did you Harry. How you threatened that you would tell people about what you made him do.” Fred said quietly.

“How would you like it if we did the same thing to you?” George asked in the same tone.

Draco’s face crumpled up and he found himself bawling. All he wanted to do was go pee and he couldn’t. He buried his face in the crook of his elbow and cried his little heart out. He sobbed harder and in the process he started wetting himself. He felt the hand holding himself get wet and felt so humiliated. Were they going to make fun of him too?

Fred and George were stunned for the most part. They hadn’t known that Malfoy would be in here, they had stepped in to use the facilities themselves. Imagine their surprise when the little brat walked in. They had meant to tease him, when they saw him holding himself. They never intended for him to cry, nor wet himself. Fred was feeling a bit bad, but in a way it was poetic justice.

Draco sniffled as his bladder finished emptying. He looked at his soaked black slacks as tears filled his eyes again. He didn’t know a cleaning spell, and he would have to walk all the way back to the dungeons to get a new pair of trousers. He sniffled loudly wiping his nose on his sleeve.

“Did you want us to spell you clean?” George asked softly as he stepped forward.

“Please just leave me alone,” Draco choked out.

“We didn’t mean to make you wet Malfoy, so I guess we’re sorry you did. But look at it this way; this is exactly how you made Harry feel.” Fred started.

“It doesn’t feel good, does it?” George finished as he threw a cleansing charm at the boy.

“You don’t just get to hurt Harry and think you’re gonna get away with it.” Fred said angrily.

“That goes for Ron, Hermione, and Ginny as well.” George said before walking out the toilet.

Draco didn’t say anything as they walked out of the toilet. He looked down at himself, his accident was gone. He had been mortified but no one had to know about that. The real question of the matter was, why did they clean him up? Were they going to tell anyone?

*417*2012-06-23 07:51

{{: 

I'm still reading!! And it's still very awesome!!! :)

I love the revenge on Draco, cause I hate him!

I'm still reading!! And it's still very awesome!!! :)

I love the revenge on Draco, cause I hate him!

}}

Thats good to know, that I havent lost you yet lol...Glad someone likes the Draco revenge..I hted it..i love the little blond boy lol

{{: 

I haven't reviewed in ages because I'm lazy but IM STILL READING! I still check for a new chap everyday ;)

Lovwd this! Poor Malfoy <3 he deffinatley deserved it though!

}}

Awesome, and thats good to know actually. Though I did i think you were gone from this story. Thanks :)

{{: 

I really like this twist on the twins! It was very nice to see Draco not only humiliated but confused by both Harry's reaction andd the twins to him.

Can't wait to see how he sweats not knowing what the twins will do.

}}

Why is everyone so happy to see Draco humilated..Granted he did deserve it. He'll come around though, especally about Harry.

{{: 

I just caught up reading here recently, and am finally posting about the last couple of chapters. I loved them, as usual. :) Oh, and I actually liked what Snape did to Malfoy... Not in the bad way... bad wording.... I mean... I don't think that he was out of character much for your Snape. That's my opinion though. lol

Anyways, Great chapters and keep up the good work, please! So many of us would be pained without our dose of "summer with snape" series. XD Thanks for putting in the time to write it, especially during summer. :)

}}

Yea...thanks for that...I just blamed it on the parent part of him doing it to Malfoy. All well..revenge is a dish best served cold and all. Aww...thanks..I'm glad I still have some readers. No problem I really like this story as well. :)

*418*2012-06-24 02:29

No warnings, I guess...thanks for the reviews guys

Chapter 71

Draco walked over to the in sink and looked in the mirror at his red rimmed eyes. He didn’t know a spell to make it go away. He knew he couldn’t stay in here the last thing he needed was for his Professor to send someone to check on him. Draco took a deep breath and walked out the loo. He kept his head down as he made his way back inside his classroom. He didn’t go back to his partner either he just took a seat and buried his head in his arms on the desk.

He tried really hard to keep his tears at bay, today had been the worst day of his life. And he knew it was gonna get worse when his father got a hold of him. He sat there in his chair quietly, not trying to bring any attention to himself. About 20 minutes later he was still there and he was grateful that no one seemed to notice him. He did however groan mentally when he realized that he had to pee yet again. Couldn’t he get a break for once?

As class ended Draco kept his face buried in his arms. His bladder had made itself known a bit more, and it was starting to get worrisome. He sighed and waited for everyone to leave; it seemed to take forever to him. Finally though they were alone, and Draco forced himself to calm down.

"Mr. Malfoy please come up to the front," Remus said professionally. He was honestly worried about his Slytherin student.

"Sir, um before we talk could I go use the loo really quick?" Draco whispered out, embarrassed at having to ask but they were alone at the moment. The minute he stood up, gravity made itself known. He had to go a lot worse than he had thought.

“Draco, you just went to the toilet not too long ago. Ironically that’s exactly what I want to talk to you about. Why didn’t you speak up for yourself?” Remus asked kindly, he knew what the boy had done to his cub, but he had no doubt that Severus was taking care of it.

Draco’s face burned in mortification at being asked that question. He wasn’t a toddler; he knew when to go and how to ask. He stared at the man for a moment, not wanting him to get annoyed with him.

“I didn’t think you would let me go,” he whispered anxiously.

“Why would you think that? Have I ever denied you that right before?” Remus asked worriedly.

“No sir,” Draco replied honestly.

“Then why would you assume so?” Remus asked again. He was pretty sure he knew the reason why.

“Because I’m a Slytherin,” Draco said his hands balled into fists on his side as he tried not to march in place.

“So are Theodore and Blaize and Pansy. I would never so something like that just because of your house. That’s not the kind of person I am,” Remus said firmly.

Draco looked down at his feet before crossing his legs. He gripped the side of his robe to keep from grabbing himself before gazing back at the man’s face.

“Oh, so next time if I ask, I can go?” Draco asked with a strained voice. His bladder was ready to empty itself, he couldn’t hold on for very much longer.

“Most likely yes,” Remus replied, brow furrowing at his tone of voice. What was wrong now?

“Is that all you wanted to talk to me about sir?” Draco asked, gasping on his breath as he leaked into his underwear.

“No, I have one other thing I needed to discuss with you. First off what’s the matter?” Remus couldn’t help but ask, he knew something was the matter he just didn’t know what.

“I gotta go to the toilet right not, and I’m not even kidding,” Draco said quickly before bending at his waist as he bladder shifted around.

Remus frowned; the boy should not have to go this soon. He knew from Harry what that position meant and he quickly answered him.

“But you just went, earlier in class.” Remus said in confusion.

“I know but I’ve had to go a lot today, please can I go Professor?” Draco asked as he moved around restlessly.

“Of course you can, just make sure to come back here. We need still need to talk,” Remus said turning around and grabbing papers from his desk.

Draco nodded gratefully and started to walk with difficulty towards the door. It was slow moving and he was soon in the middle of the classroom. His face was scrunched up in obvious pain from holding it, and he knew already that he wasn’t gonna make it to the toilet. And to his horror his eyes started to fill with tears again as he was forced to grab himself, lest he disgrace himself again.

Remus turned around at the small sniffled and frowned at what he saw.

“I thought you needed the loo Mr. Malfoy,” he said curiously.

“I do Professor,” Draco whispered out frantically trying to wipe away the tears with his free hand.

“Then why haven’t you gone then child?” Remus questioned gently.

“I don’t think I’m gonna make it again,” Draco said softly, as he felt himself leak again.

Remus’s eyes widened, before he shook his head. This had to be embarrassing for the young aristocrat, but at the moment Remus didn’t see that. He didn’t see the child as a Slytherin or as the boy who made Harry wet himself. Draco Malfoy was just a confused little boy who looked lost and on the verge of wetting himself.

“Can you move at all?” Remus asked quietly, getting a sense of déjà vu.

“I think…I…no sir,” Draco said his voice full of shame for having admit such a weakness.

“It’s alright Draco, no need to be embarrassed. I’m going to pick you up and carry you to the toilet if that’s alright,” Remus explained gently as he walked over to him.

“Someone might see and they’ll laugh,” Draco said mortified at just the thought.

“I was talking about my office loo,” Remus said with a small chuckle before swiftly picking the teen up.

Draco rested his forehead against the man’s shoulder, holding himself for dear life. His whole body tensed and he trembled as his bladder tried to release itself without his permission.

“Hurry please,” Draco pleaded urgently.

“We’re there,” Remus said setting him down in front of the closed toilet. He was a bit unsure now, if Draco was indeed like Harry and tended to struggle with his clothes when he was in a rush.

Draco didn’t care that that his Professor was still there, he only cared that he had made it. He stood in front of the toilet struggling to take off his robe, before trying to lift it out of the way with one hand. He whined as he wasn’t having any type of luck.

“I need help again,” Draco said his voice thick with frustrated tears at the whole situation.

“Not a problem,” Remus said quickly discarding the robe and undoing the boy’s trousers.

Draco sighed gratefully when he was released from his trousers, gripping himself tight as he waited for his teacher to leave. Now that he could think rationally for a bit, he couldn’t go with the man in here. His body shuddered again, and he whimpered softly.

“Why haven’t you gone already?” Remus asked, on his way out the loo.

“You’re still in here; I can’t go with you in here with me.” Draco cried; hysterical at the pain in his lower stomach now.

“I’m gone,” Remus said a second later the door swiftly shut.

Draco hurriedly pulled his trousers completely down and out of the way and immediately started to pee, even before his underwear was moved out the way. He gasped as he soaked through the material before he could pull himself out. He finally pulled his spurting length out and aimed at the toilet bowl.

He sighed loudly as he peed, his eyes closing and his head tilting back from how good this was feeling. He peed forcefully and for a long time too, as his stream started to wind down he started to become aware of something. It didn’t sound like he was peeing in the toilet and his eyes shot opened as he realized that he had been peeing all over the toilet lid and the floor. The last of his wee ended and as he put himself back into his soaked underwear he stared comically at the mess he had made.

There was his liquid all over the floor, the closed toilet lid, and the rubbish bin near the toilet. He stared in horror; at how he had accidently defaced the man’s loo. As he bent down to pull up his trousers he gasped loudly as they had gotten quite wet from where they had been around his ankles. He pulled them up and stared at them mournfully, what was he gonna do now?

Remus was waiting for Draco in his office, grading some paper. He had heard the sound of relief and liquid so he assumed he had made it. The boy was taking an awful long time in there and he mused that the boy must have been dying for the loo. He was in the middle of grading papers when heard a gasp come from the boy. He got up instantly and knocked on the door.

“Draco, are you alright in there?” Remus asked concern evident in his tone.

“N-n-no sir,” Draco stammered out, his tears silently falling down his face.

“What’s the matter? Can I come in?” Remus asked kindly.

“I don’t know,” Draco whispered out. He was so ashamed of himself, how hadn’t he noticed the closed lid.

“Are you hurt in anyway?” Remus asked, not wanting to invade the child’s privacy. He frowned, wondering if maybe he should call Severus; since this was his snake.

“No sir, I’m fine,” Draco sobbed.

“You don’t sound fine to me,” Remus said hand automatically going to the knob. Had this been Harry or Theodore he would have been in there at the first sound of their tears. But since this was Lucius Malfoy’s son, he didn’t want to cross any lines.

“I’m sorry sir,” Draco finally said.

“What are you apologizing for child?” Remus asked quietly.

“For making a mess,” he said softly.

“Did you have an accident Draco?” Remus asked knowingly.

“I made it, but the toilet lid was still up and I got everything wet.” Draco managed to say between his tears.

Remus nodded before letting himself in, his sensitive nose immediately catching whiff of what the boy was talking about. Remus mused to himself as he pulled out his wand that the boy probably hadn’t looked in his desperate state and didn’t realize it until the end. He couldn’t really blame him for this, besides that’s what magic was for anyways.

“It’s quite alright Draco; I can clean this up easily.” Remus reassured him before doing just that and cleaning up his wet clothes as well. He grabbed the boy’s robe and led him out the loo.

Draco sat in the chair across the man’s desk, his face the picture of misery. He had to confess; maybe this was Merlin’s way of making sure he told the truth about what he did to Harry. He couldn’t take this anymore, he was so tired of being embarrassed and humiliated. All of this because of what he did to Potter, it just wasn’t worth it.

“Professor I have to tell you something,” Draco said accepting the handkerchief with a nod of thanks as he looked at his teacher.

“What is Draco?” Remus asked quietly, pretty sure he knew what was coming.

“I made Harry Potter wet himself a couple of weeks ago, by scaring him.” Draco admitted shamed faced.

“I see and why have you decided to tell me now?” Remus asked carefully.

“Because I feel really bad,” Draco said sniffling into the handkerchief.

“Good, then you’re capable of feeling remorse. There is hope for you yet,” Remus said softly.

“What do I do now?” Draco asked quietly, his head bowed in shame.

“Since I’m not your head of house, I cannot discipline you for this. You are to tell Severus what you just told me, and I will talk to him to confirm that you have done just that.” Remus said firmly.

“Yes sir,” Draco said softly.

“You’re free to go child,” Remus said kindly.

Draco nodded before getting up and walking towards the door.

“Professor, how did you know I had to go in class today?” Draco asked curiously.

“Harry told me, he saw you’re movements,” Remus said honestly.

“Could you tell him I’m sorry for me?” Draco asked after a minute had passed.

“No, you have to do that yourself,” Remus answered.

Draco nodded before making his way out the office, and to his dorm. He had a lot to think about before his detention with Snape that night.

*423*2012-07-01 06:11

{{: 

Great chapter as usual, and I loved the way Draco felt remorse, and the way Remus was about it all. Good job, and keep them coming. Can't wait for the next one.

}}

Yea I love Draco, I couldnt make him evil lo..glad you liked it though

{{: 

I really love this story! Keep up the updates!

}}

Awesome, thanks for reading

{{: 

Omg! I come back from vacation and I'm utterly GIFTED with like, three amazing chapters!!! This story is by far one of the best fanfictions I have ever read in my life and Draco was absolutely adorable! I wanted to hug him soooo bad! Please keep writing I'm dying for more!

}}

Lol I know..his revenge was tugging at my heart and I was feeling so bad for him..and Harry. Clearly he got what he deserved and them some..poor guy..Glad you liked it, and that I could be of help :)

{{: 

Awwww!!! My heart just melted into my shoes! That was sososososososososooooo cute! I loved the way Remus handled that, and Draco's made me cry <3

Cant wait for the next totally awesome chapter!! (:

}}

:) Yea it was supposed to be revenge..and I felt really bad myself..I couldnt make him evil lol..glad you liked it though.

