Akirei Special 1

Author: serenaliz

*000*2014-03-29 00:09

Akirei of the Autumn Law is story idea of mine, its meant to be manga though. I decided to make a special and I thought it was relevant enough to post here.

Special 1- Desires and Corruption

On their way to Shaoma City, Leaf, Shizuka and Takuma decided to stop in the nearby town of Mastur, known for its sexual attractions. This a town Takuma will most enjoy, while Leaf and Shizuka want to leave as soon as possible. Takuma’s goal is to “corrupt” them so they can stay for a while.

Takuma starts by suggesting that they go to a place with public internet access. There he could use the internet to explain easier and show his favorite porn sites. Leaf and Shizuka looked at each other with a reluctant look to continue listening to him, but as he talked Shizuka began to grow more and more interested. She even registered on an omorashi site, while Leaf looked at her in disbelief. Leaf then decided he wanted no part in it and left to walk around the town on his own.

Shizuka and Takuma continued on the omorashi site watching videos and reading fan-fiction. They soon went out to explore the town. As they walked, Takuma explained his system of measuring someone’s pervertedness. They were measured in ranks F to S. F class was someone like Leaf who didn’t care in the least about the subject and S class was someone like him who was a big pervert with pride. Shizuka looked at him and asked,” Is that really something to take pride in?” but soon went back to being corrupted and asked what was she. Takuma replied, “Your D class right now.” A corrupted Shizuka, as if she was brainwashed said “Make me S class, please!” with much excitement. Tears filled Takuma’s eyes because he found he was good at teaching, or at least corrupting and gladly accepted.

It was now night and Takuma and Shizuka were walking to their hotel room. Takuma suddenly stopped as they reached the door and Takuma said with a serious expression, “You’re ready.” Shizuka had a startled expression that then turned serious as she knew what he meant and replied, “Understood Sensei.” Shizuka went in her room in the hotel and go undressed, she then started to put two of her fingers together and began to masturbate, she had trouble at first but then she began to think of Leaf and it became much easier. She never knew masturbating was so indescribably enjoyable.

The next day Takuma told her, “Good girl” as she told him about her masturbation. They suddenly stopped the topic as Leaf walked in. Shizuka blushed whenever she looked at him for the rest of the day. Throughout the day Shizuka decided to hang with Leaf. Eventually he decided to ask, “Why are you blushing so much day”, as he was holding his bladder as they were heading for a restroom. She then told him about last night and how she thought of him to help her masturbate. Leaf blushed hard and began to wet himself, Shizuka blushed back. Leaf then rushed to the hotel and leaving Shizuka behind.

Takuma soon came up from behind Shizuka and said, “I’m guessing you told him?” as he was trying to hold back laughing. Shizuka in a daze and still blushing replied, “.....Yeah..” Later that night as she was about to masturbate, she thought of Leaf again but decided not to masturbate.

The next morning she told Takuma and Leaf she was done with being corrupted by Takuma. Takuma looked a bit disappointed then started to laugh, while Leaf gently smiled in relief. Though started to wonder himself was masturbation was like….

