Getting your story onto the kindle

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2013-11-09 15:48

In response to being asked about publishing your own desperation stories on amazon to sell I recommend getting the free amazon guide:

%http://www.amazon.co.uk/Publish-Amazon-Kindle-Direct-Publishing-ebook/dp/B004LX069M/

And also the free building your book guide:

%http://www.amazon.co.uk/Building-Your-Kindle-Direct-Publishing-ebook/dp/B007URVZJ6

/

And finally if you want a complete step by step guide I have one for 77p (99c) that takes you through everything in simple steps.

%http://www.amazon.co.uk/Get-Your-Book-Published-Kindle-ebook/dp/B00GKK9CC6/

Between those three you should be up and selling in the blink of an eye (perhaps a slow blink!)

Hope this is useful

Luna

X

*002*2013-11-10 18:05

{{:

Some day I would like to try selling stories on Amazon (not Omorashi specifically, though I might try it some time to see how well it sells). Have you sold lots of copies of your Omorashi stories? It sure looks like you've written a lot of them, as I have checked out your author page.

}}

I sell around 100 a month but there is a years worth of work on my author page as it takes time to write each story. I started with general erotic fiction but omorashi is my favourite area to write about and seems quite popular. There aren't that many books out there and it's such fun to write about.

I started last November and am loving every minute of it! If you need any tips or advice feel free to ask!

*004*2013-12-04 14:25

{{:

Mmm 100 a year isn't bad, I'm giving this some serious thought, with some of my longer works...

I put a lot of effort into them and well if people were willing to spend a little on them it might go a ways to pay off the student debt :)

}}

It's around 300 a month now, enough to motivate me to keep writing and get a chance to share the fantasies I've had for years but haven't been able to share with the world before now.

*006*2013-12-08 11:40

{{:

You are truly an amazingly talented author.

}}

Thanks, I appreciate the complement although at times it is hard work as whenever I reread anything I always find something that needs tweaking or changing. I've just tried writing a more traditional romance to try something different. Not sure if it will become a regular thing or a one off but was quite a different experience to write an erotic book with no watersports in it at all!

