[Homestuck]

Author: genesismakkaraa

*000*2011-11-07 05:15

Ahhh this is something i just came up with. Hope it's okay! ^.^

I also came across these!

%http://archiveofourown.org/works/242755?view_adult=true

%http://archiveofourown.org/works/233370?view_adult=true

It seemed like he had been holding it for hours.

And the large amount of faygo he was constantly drinking wasn’t much help either.

Usually he would be just lazing around at home, So it wasn’t much of an issue.

But his new matesprit Tavros, wanted to go out, and Gamzee would do pretty much anything to make him happy.

They had gone to see a movie, in which Gamzee had consumed 2 large faygos.

Both making their way to his bladder rather quickly.

But it was all cool, he would wait until the movie was over. He put an arm around Tavros, kissing him on the cheek, and Tav snuggled into him.

Finally the movie was over, Gamzee had to grab himself for a moment as he stood up,

“Tavbro you mind if we make a motherfucking stop at the bathroom before we go?”

“Uhh,, of course not,, Gamz, that’s fine.”

Gamzee rushed into the bathrooms.

There was quite a line-up.

Gamzee figured it would be quicker to just find someplace else. He was beginning to lose his relaxed feeling he usually had towards everything, (partly from the sopor slime) and was starting to worry.

He /really/ had to go now.

He went back out to find Tavros, “It’s all up and motherfuckin crowded in there Tavbro.”

“uh, oh, okay,do you want to go to the,restaurant now?”

Gamzee shook his head. “Man, I gotta find a motherfuckin restroom brother.”

“oh, you uhh, have to,,uh , go really bad then , im guessing?”

Gamzee just nodded at his matesprit, who took his hand.

“Don’t, uhh, don’t worry. We’ll find someplace.”

They walked together for a while, in the general direction of the restaurant they were meant to be going to, but all the while keeping an eye out for any bathrooms for Gamzee.

Finally, walking through a park, they spotted one.

“Gamzee,,,Look” Tavros exclaimed, pointing out the bathroom to him.

“Thanks motherfucker” He said and rushed over to it.

He couldn’t get out of his pants faster, as soon as his pants were down enough the pee was rushing out of him. He could have moaned with relief it felt that fucking good. His stream was strong and it was loud against the water in the toilet bowl. He had never pissed so long in his life, near two minutes it lasted. As he was nearly finished he heard Tavros behind him saying his name, and shaking him on the shoulder.

“Gamzee??” He shook him again, “Gamzee,,wake up.”

Gamzee opened his eyes to find himself in bed.

Completely soaked.

He was lying in a puddle of warm pee and everything, his pajamas, his blankets, the sheets, were wet.

“Gamzee, you uhh, you wet the bed again.”

“Oh motherfuck, not again. “ Gamzee blushed with embarrassment. “Sorry Tavbro,”

“uh, it’s okay. Don’t be sorry. But,, uhh maybe you should, cut down on how much faygo you drink. Especially, uhh, before bed.”

Gamzee nodded, Still blushing, his cheeks a deep indigo colour, even visible through all that makeup.

He got out of bed and stood up, a few drops dripping from his pants.

He pulled the covers off the bed, and started removing the sheets, which were now stained in the purplish-indigo colour of his urine. Luckily though the mattress was saved, after this had happened a few times he thought it would be a good idea to invest in a mattress protecter.

He dumped the pile of wet bed sheets in the laundry and went to take a shower.

He was embarrassed as fuck.

He had always wet the bed, he was used to it.

Just not infront of his matesprit.

*002*2011-11-07 05:55

Hehe thanks ^.^

Hmmmm it's just his character says motherfucker a lot,

Nothing bad! :33

