Bored At Work (male desp)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-04-27 16:18

It’s 4pm on an extremely slow day at the garden centre where I work, and I’m bored out of my mind. There’s hardly anyone around, and I’m sitting on my own at the till, looking forward to going home when the store closes in 2 hours time. I shift in my seat, and feel a twinge in my bladder. I haven’t been to the toilet since I woke up at about 9am, and although I had chance to go at both lunchtime and my afternoon break, I just couldn’t be bothered. Although I kind of need to piss, I’m far from desperate, so I decide to just hold it for the time being. Just then, I get an idea. I stand up and walk over to the fridge where the soft drinks are, taking out a 500ml bottle of water. I open it as I sit back down, taking a large gulp of the cool liquid. I’m gonna make myself desperate to pee, as I quite like the feeling of holding a full bladder while trying not to give away to customers how desperate I am, and besides, it will give me something to think about for the next 2 boring hours.

By 4.30pm I’ve finished off the bottle of water and already started on a second. Although I have to pee, I’m still fairly comfortable and looking forward to all the water I was drinking hitting my bladder. I’ve only served 1 or 2 customers in the past half an hour, a welcome distraction from boredom, and my cute coworker Kira stopped by to let me know that she’d be joining me on the tills a bit later just in case it got busier during the closing hour. Although Kira hasn’t worked here long, we’ve fast become quite good friends. She’s about a year younger than me, cute and curvy, with long blonde hair. I was looking forward to having somebody to talk to for the last hour of the day, not to mention someone to try and hide my desperation from when all the water reaches my bladder.

5pm, and by now I’m starting to get a bit more antsy, fidgeting about in my chair and bouncing my knees. I’ve finished my second bottle and my bladder is quickly starting to fill up with liquid. I think for a second. Should I go for a third bottle? I want to get desperate, but I don’t want to overdo it, and I’m already feeling a pretty strong urge to piss. As well as the 2 bottles of water, I remember drinking 2 cups of tea at lunchtime, as well as a can of coke on my afternoon break. But what the hell, I’m actually kind of thirsty despite the 2 bottles I’ve already finished, so I walk over to the fridge and grab another.

As I walk back over to the till, I see Kira walking towards me from the other end of the store. She gives me a big smile. ‘Hey, finally somebody to talk to, I’m bored out of my mind here’ I say laughing. ‘Yeah I bet you are’ she says, before continuing. ‘I need to go over to the office first and sort something out, my wages were wrong so they need to work out how much they owe me. I’ll be back in a bit’. I say OK and watch her go, taking another sip of water, thinking about how desperate I’ll be when she gets back.

15 minutes later, no sign of Kira, and by now I’m absolutely bursting for a piss. I’ve finished the third bottle of water by now and already I’m starting to think it might have been a mistake. My bladder was already filling up pretty rapidly, but that extra bottle has made my body work overtime to get rid of the excess liquid, and my fairly full bladder is now getting more uncomfortable by the minute. Luckily, I haven’t had any customers in a while, so my steadily increasing fidgeting and squirming has gone unnoticed.

I’m pretty turned on at my situation, as well as the knowledge that I’m gonna be REALLY desperate in a few minutes time as the third bottle of water hits my bladder, and my cock is bulging in my tight black work trousers. I glance round, and seeing nobody around, I reach down under the till and give my dick a quick squeeze, biting my lip for a second. ‘God, I have to pissssss’ I mutter softly under my breath. I sit and bounce my knees for a few more minutes, resting my hands over my cock, before deciding to get up and walk around for a while to give me something to do.

I grit my teeth as I stand up slowly from my seat, adjusting myself so my erection isn’t as obvious. Now that I’m standing, I can feel the full weight of my bladder and I realise that my need for relief is much more urgent that I first realised. I pace slowly around the store for a few minutes, glancing at the entrance every so often to see if Kira is on her way back yet, but she’s nowhere to be seen. I stop in front of the drinks fridge, crossing my legs and tensing my thighs.

Despite all the water I’ve been drinking, my mouth is quite dry already. I bite my lip. Do I risk another bottle? I decide to reach in and take one just in case, opening the cap and taking a sip almost automatically. At that moment, I hear footsteps, and I notice a woman walking towards the till area with a basket full of items. I bite my lip as I walk quickly back to the till, choosing to stand behind the chair instead of sitting down, in the hope that my desperate need for a piss (and rock hard cock) will be easier to hide.

I glance up at her as she places her basket on the till. She’s slim and very attractive, probably in her mid to late 20s, with dark brown hair. ‘Hi’ she says, smiling at me. ‘Hi’ I reply, smiling back, trying not to let on how badly I need to piss. I begin ringing through her items, shifting my weight from foot to foot. ‘It’s really quiet today, where is everyone?’ She asks jokingly. ‘Yeah I know, I’ve been so bored this afternoon’. I reply, and she laughs. Just then, I notice one of the items doesn’t have a price tag on. ‘I just need to phone up to check the price of this’ I say, and walk over to the front desk to grab one of the one of the internal mobile phones we use to call members of staff. I walk back behind my chair and cross my legs as I dial the number for my manager Michelle, biting my lip as I wait for her to answer. I’m really dying for a piss now, my bladder steadily getting fuller and harder as the minutes pass.

‘Hello?’ she answers. I tell her about the item with no price on it, describing it over the phone, and she tells me to wait a minute while she looks up the price. I wait, trying not to fidget about too much, aware of the woman at the till watching me. After a minute or so, Michelle tells me the price. ‘Ok thanks’ I say, then I suddenly have an idea, and I start to blush. ‘Oh actually Michelle, one more thing. Is there anybody that can come and swap with me just for a couple of minutes’ I say, my voice slightly strained. She pauses for a second before answering. ‘Isn’t Kira with you?’ she asks.

‘No, she went to the office to sort out her wages and I haven’t seen her since then.’ Michelle sighs. ‘Ok, no sorry, there’s nobody else to send.’ I bite my lip before I reply. ‘Oh right. It’s just that I’m stuck on a till at the moment and I’m bursting for the toilet’ I say quietly. I bounce up and down on the spot slightly, and the cute woman at the till gives me a sympathetic smile. Michelle laughs. ‘Sorry you’ll just have to hold on until Kira gets back. I’m sure she won’t be much longer.’ I say Ok and put down the phone, extremely turned on at being told I’ll just have to wait, and the knowledge that this gorgeous woman knows how badly I need to piss.

‘Sorry about that’ I say shyly, my face flushed and my dick throbbing. ‘Oh it’s fine, really. It must be awful when you’re bursting for the loo and stuck here on the till. Are they sending somebody to relieve you?’ She asks kindly, watching me shift my weight from foot to foot and lean forward onto the back of the chair. ‘Yeah, she should be here by now though’ I say, biting my lip as I glance towards the entrance. ‘Ohh, do you think she’ll be much longer? I honestly don’t mind waiting here while you go to the loo, if you’re really desperate.’ I notice her looking at the empty water bottles next to the till.

‘That’s really nice of you, but I’m really not allowed to leave the till unattended. I’ll just have to wait’. She nods. ‘Aw, yeah I thought as much. Suppose you’ll just have to cross your legs’ she says laughing. I laugh and nod in agreement, reaching down to give my throbbing cock a quick squeeze, hidden behind the chair. I tell her the total and she pays in cash, and I’m so turned on that it’s difficult to keep my hands steady as I hand her the change. ‘Thanks a lot’ I say, as she takes her bag. ‘Thanks, I hope they don’t keep you waiting too long.’ she says smiling. ‘Yeah, I hope so too, bye!’ I say, my voice strained. ‘Bye’ she says laughing, and walks out towards the exit.

It’s just past 5.30pm when Kira finally turns up. By now I’m constantly pacing the store, occasionally stopping to cross my legs or bend over slightly on the spot, hands pushing into my crotch. I haven’t had to serve any customers since the attractive brown-haired woman, which is lucky because I’d have a hard time hiding how desperately I need the toilet. Every so often, I’ll walk back to the till and stand behind my chair, leaning forward and giving my cock a long, hard squeeze. I’m absolutely frantic to piss by now, my bladder swollen and rock hard with all the bottles of water I’ve drank.

Despite how turned on I am at being so achingly desperate, I’m starting to regret drinking so much water and by now will do anything to get to a toilet and relieve my throbbing bladder. I decide to sit down for a while, leaning forwards in my chair, one hand planted firmly between my legs squeezing my rock hard cock, jiggling my legs like crazy. Just then, a cheerful voice interrupts me. ‘Hi!’ Kira says from behind me as she walks towards the till, and I quickly let go of my dick, whipping my hand out from between my legs, starting to blush. She stands on the end of the till where the bags are, grinning at me.

‘Kira can you swap with me for like 2 minutes, I need the toilet SO bad.’ I say shyly, standing up and resting my hands over my lap to hide my bulging erection. As I move towards her she bites her lip and moves so that she’s blocking the way out of the till area, stopping me from getting past. ‘No’ she says, grinning up at me. ‘Oh c’mon, please. I’m really dying for a piss… I’ve been waiting for you to come and take over so I can go’. I say quietly, crossing my legs and pushing my hands down onto my cock. She glances down at my crotch for a second before meeting my pleading gaze. She smirks.

‘Well you’ll just have to wait a bit longer won’t you?’ she says slyly. Before I can say anything else, she reaches out and tickles my sides, making me gasp and squirm out of her grasp. ‘Aw, someone’s ticklish.’ she giggles, watching me bob on the spot. I bite my lip, my cock throbbing with arousal. ‘Ohh please just fucking let me past’ I say quietly. She laughs and shakes her head, and I see her looking over my shoulder. ‘There’s a customer coming’ she says, raising her eyebrows at me.

I sigh and step back behind the chair, and as I glance up I see a cute blonde woman walking towards the till carrying a basket which is full to the brim. I bite my lip, giving my cock a quick squeeze, bending forwards slightly before straightening up again. I glance at Kira and see her watching me, and she flashes me an innocent smile. ‘I hate you so much’ I say quietly, grinning at her. She laughs and sticks out her tongue. ‘Hi there’ the woman says brightly as she reaches to the till. ‘Hi’ I say, struggling to keep the strain out of my voice. I begin to ring through her items as fast as I can, fidgeting from foot to foot and occasionally bouncing up and down on the balls of my feet ever so slightly. My aching need for a piss is extremely distracting and I keep making errors, so despite my rushing it’s taking a while to ring through the woman’s items. I sigh in frustration as I type in a wrong price, quickly deleting it.

‘In a rush?’ the woman asks me, smiling as she notices my frustration. Before I can reply, Kira decides to embarrass me. ‘He’s bursting for a wee but I won’t let him go for one’ she says, grinning at me. The woman laughs. ‘Oh ok, I wondered why he was so fidgety.’ I start to blush, trying to concentrate on getting through the sale as quickly as possible so I can hurry to the toilet and relieve my throbbing bladder. Just then, I realise the last item doesn’t have a price tag on. I sigh loudly in frustration. ‘No price’ I say, handing the item to Kira. ‘Ohh right I know where these are, I’ll just go and quickly check.’ she says, walking around the corner towards the other end of the store. I watch her go, standing in an embarrassed silence.

I blow air through my lips softly and bob up and down a couple of times, rubbing my hand gently over my rock hard bladder. ‘Do you need to go quite badly?’ the woman at the till asks quietly, watching me fidget around. I nod shyly, blushing harder. ‘Yeah… I’m really desperate. I wish I hadn’t drunk so much water earlier’ I say quietly. She laughs. ‘Oh dear, are those all yours?’ she says, gesturing towards the bottles at the side of the till. I bite my lip and nod.

‘Yeah, I was really thirsty earlier on.’ She laughs. ‘Oh god, you must be absolutely bursting. Do you think your manager will keep you waiting for much longer?’ I take a second to realise what she means. ‘Oh, no the girl that went to check a price isn’t my manager.’ I explain, crossing my legs tightly, leaning into the back of the chair, and the woman laughs. ‘Oh, it’s just that she mentioned not letting you go to the loo.’ I laugh shyly and bounce on the spot. ‘Oh right, yeah she’s just teasing me. Hopefully I’ll get to go in a couple of minutes.’

I glance up and see Kira walking back to the till. I meet her eye and bite my lip, my desperation clear in my expression. She flashes me a quick grin as she walks back round to the side of the till. She tells me the price and I finish the sale. The woman hands me her credit card. I bite my lip, realising that I’ll have to wait just a little bit longer, as the card machines are stupidly slow. I enter the amount and the woman enters her pin. The machine starts the painfully slow process of processing the card and printing the receipt. I sigh impatiently and turn to Kira. ‘Kira, please could you finish off the sale so I can go?’ I say, my voice pleading. ‘Go where?’ she asks innocently, raising her eyebrows, and the woman laughs. I bounce from foot to foot and grab my cock for a second, fighting the fierce urge to urinate. ‘The toilet.’ I say quietly. ‘Please.’ I add, my voice strained. She shakes her head. ‘No’ she says simply, grinning from ear to ear.

I sigh in frustration and bite my lip, turning back to the machine to tear off the first receipt, and press the button to print off the customer copy. ‘I thought you were his manager at first, not letting him go to the loo’ the woman says laughing. Kira grins. ‘Oh no, I wish I was though. If I was his manager I’d have so much fun.’ she says, meeting my eye and giving me a cheeky smile. I don’t respond, instead I just focus on trying to stand still and keeping my hands off my cock as I tear off the receipt, handing it to the customer.

‘Thanks’ I say quietly as she takes her bag of items. ‘Thanks very much. I hope she lets you go to the loo soon’ she says, grinning at Kira. ‘Oh I’ve not decided yet, I think he can wait a bit longer.’ she says cheekily. The woman laughs and starts to walk out of the store. I watch her go, biting my lip. As soon as she’s out of sight, I rush forward and try to get out of the till area, but Kira’s too quick for me, and she quickly steps in front of me, blocking my path.

‘Oh my god MOVE, I need a fucking piss.’ I moan, trying to squeeze past her, but she pushes me back. She giggles as I bend over with my hands between my thighs. ‘I think you’re faking it, you’re probably just trying to get out of doing work.’ she says, folding her arms across her chest. I shake my head. ‘I’m not… seriously, I need to piss really fucking bad.’ I say desperately, straightening up and pushing my hands into my crotch to cover my bulging erection. I am totally frantic for relief by now, trying desperately not to piss myself in front of her, but so turned on I can barely keep my voice steady. She giggles.

‘Prove it.’ I look at her and bite my lip, bouncing from foot to foot. ‘Er, how?’. She steps towards me. ‘Think of something.’ I raise my eyebrows. ‘Like what? Kira just let me past...’ I plead, but she shakes her head. She takes another step towards me. ‘Think of something, or I’m not letting you out.’ she says, watching me closely with a smirk on her face. Just then, I get an idea. I bite my lip and glance around to check that there’s nobody about, and lift up my polo shirt, showing my waistband and stomach.

‘OK look how full my fucking bladder is, see? Can I please go for a piss now?’ I say quietly, my face red with embarrassment. She giggles as she looks down at my swollen bladder, bulging out against the tight waistband of my trousers. I’m holding my shirt up with one hand, and the other is resting over my crotch to hide my erection. I suddenly get a really, really desperate urge to piss, and I bite my lip, squeezing my cock tightly for a few seconds, moaning softly under my breath. Kira sees this and laughs at me. ‘Ok I believe you. Aw… look at you all desperate and holding yourself, you look like you’re gonna wee on the floor.’

‘Oh god Kira just shut up and me past’ I say frantically, letting go of my shirt and trying to get past her. She steps aside to let me out, but just as I’m squeezing past her she reaches out and presses on my bladder, making me gasp in urgency. I reach down with both hands and squeeze my cock hard, bending over and moaning softly. She giggles and begins to tickle me relentlessly, and I desperately try to get past her, pushing her away with one hand while the other is wrapped tightly around my throbbing dick.

‘Gonna wet yourself?’ she asks playfully as I fight to squirm out of her grasp, her nails digging into my sides, her playful touch tormenting me and making my bladder throb worse than ever. ‘Ohhh I actually hate you’ I say laughing, trying to push her hands away. After a few seconds I get free and hurry out of the till area, walking quickly towards the staff toilets located at the other end of the store. ‘Try not to piss yourself.’ she says as I walk off, sticking her tongue out at me. I ignore her and bite my lip, focusing on holding on for just another minute.

I can feel my rock hard bladder inside me, and I can’t wait to finally release all the liquid I’ve been holding for what feels like forever. On the way to the toilets I see my manager, Michelle, who smiles at me as I walk past. ‘Been to the loo yet?’ she asks, and I laugh and shake my head, stopping and crossing my legs, bending forwards slightly. ‘I’m going now, I’m really, really desperate.’ I say quickly, and she laughs. ‘Hurry up and go then! Before a customer asks you to help them’. I laugh and hurry past, biting my lip as I get closer and closer to relief.

I turn the corner and hurry into the office where the staff toilet is located, my bladder throbbing. As I open the office door, I moan softly under my breath in pure frustration, briefly grabbing my aching cock. The door to the staff toilet is blocked by a ‘Caution: Wet Floor’ sign, and there’s two people queuing to get in. A curvy teenage girl named Jess who works in the cafe is at the front, bouncing up and down on the spot and dancing from foot to foot, and a young dark-haired woman called Kelly who works as a supervisor is standing behind her with her legs tightly crossed.

I bite my lip and join the back of the queue, crossing my legs and resting my hands against the crotch of my trousers, wondering how long I’ll have to wait before I can finally relieve myself. Kelly turns to me and gives me a quick smile. ‘The cleaner’s in there, she said she won’t be long, just a couple of minutes at the most.’ I nod, trying to hide how desperately I need to piss. Jess turns round, her cheeks flushed. ‘I wish she’d hurry up, I really need a wee’ she says quietly, crossing her legs tightly and biting her lip. Kelly laughs. ‘And me, I’ve been bursting for the loo all afternoon.’

‘Yeah same, I’ve been stuck on a till for ages, only just got a chance to go’ I say shyly, my voice strained, giving my cock another quick squeeze.

After 2 minutes of standing in awkward silence, the cleaner finally comes out of the toilet and removes the sign, and Jess gratefully rushes inside. I shift from foot to foot anxiously, blowing air through my lips. I really, really have to piss, desperate to empty my rock hard bladder after holding on for so long. I bite my lip and squeeze my cock tightly, keeping an eye on Kelly to make sure she doesn’t look round. I consider asking her if I could go in front of her, but I’m way too embarrassed, and besides, she looks pretty desperate. She’s fidgeting around, crossing and uncrossing her legs, biting her lip. After another minute or so of waiting, she sighs in frustration, bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet.

‘Ohh, god I need a wee so bad’ she says quietly, crossing her legs again and folding her arms across her chest, looking longingly at the locked toilet door. I laugh sympathetically. ‘Yeah me too.’ If only she knew how close I was to leaking piss into my boxers. She leans forward and knocks on the toilet door. ‘Please hurry up Jess, we’re bursting out here’ she says anxiously. Just then, we hear the faint whir of the hand-dryer, and a few seconds later, Jess comes out the toilet with a big relieved smile on her face.

‘Sorry for knocking but I’m seriously about to wet myself’ Kelly says laughing, hurrying past her into the toilet. Jess laughs, gives me a quick smile and walks out the office, leaving me alone outside the locked toilet door. I bite my lip and unzip my work trousers, relieving some of the pressure on my swollen bladder. I moan quietly under my breath, grabbing my cock tightly through my boxers, bending forwards.

‘God I have to pisssssss’ I mutter, bouncing up and down in urgency. I really hope Kelly doesn’t take too long, as I’m not sure how much longer I can keep my trousers dry. I’m also turned on like crazy, my face flushed and my heart pounding, but longing to get into the toilet and finally have an extremely relieving piss. I begin to pace up and down the quiet office, hand still firmly wrapped around my cock. ‘Oh cmon cmon cmon’ I say quietly, desperately wishing Kelly would get out of the toilet. Suddenly, the office door opens, catching me by surprise, and I quickly take my hand off my cock.

I glance round and see Michelle. I start to blush. Damn, I hope she didn’t see me pacing around, holding myself. She smiles at me as she enters. ‘Oh hi again, still waiting for the toilet?’ she says laughing. I nod, biting my lip. ‘Yeah, the cleaner was in there and there was a queue, I’ve been waiting forever’ I say desperately. She glances down and sees my open fly, then meets my eye and grins at me. ‘Sorry, I’m bursting’ I say shyly, crossing my legs and clasping my hands over my crotch. I blush harder, really embarrassed about my manager seeing me in this desperate state, with my fly undone and my hard cock bulging in my trousers. ‘It’s ok’ she says, laughing as she walks over to a desk in the corner of the office. I grit my teeth and start to bounce up and down, legs still crossed, squeezing my hard cock ever few seconds. I keep one eye on Michelle to make sure she doesn’t see me squirming, but she’s sitting at the desk doing paperwork and doesn’t pay me much attention.

After another minute or so of waiting, I hear the familiar sound of the hand-dryer. My swollen bladder is throbbing, the pressure making me moan softly under my breath. I’m constantly squeezing my dick to help me hold on. I bend forwards, gritting my teeth. I can’t remember the last time I had to piss this badly, and the only thing I want more than anything in the world is to get inside the toilet and relieve myself with a long, hard piss. ‘Ohh c’mon please hurry up’ I moan quietly, stamping my foot on the floor in frustration. Michelle turns around, laughing at my obvious desperation.

‘Who’s in there?’ she asks, grinning. ‘Kelly’ I say quietly, leaning back against the wall and crossing my legs tightly, trying not to fidget too much now Michelle is watching me. She laughs. ‘You’ve got ages to wait yet, she’s probably gonna take forever fixing her make-up or something’. I sigh in frustration, bouncing on the spot. ‘Oh god, I hope not’ I say, eyes fixed on the toilet door, willing Kelly to open it so I can get in and piss.

Two minutes later, and Kelly still isn’t out. I’m bent over, one hand squeezing my cock, the other resting against the wall, bouncing frantically up and down on the balls of my feet with my legs tightly crossed. I’m regretting drinking all that water, because although I’m turned on, I’m right on the brink of wetting myself in front of my manager. Suddenly, I lose control for a second, and a hot spurt of pee leaks into my boxers. I gasp, squeezing my cock frantically to stop the flow.

‘Told you she’d take ages’ Michelle says, glancing around at me, watching me hold myself. Trying to ignore Michelle, I moan softly and knock quietly on the toilet door. ‘Just a second!’ Kelly shouts from inside. ‘Kelly please can you hurry up, I’m so desperate for the toilet’ I say urgently, my voice strained. I know that I have less than a minute before I lose control completely and soak my work trousers, making a puddle on the office floor, and I know I’d never live it down. I step back from the door and thrust both hands between my legs, biting my lip, not caring about Michelle seeing me.

After about half a minute of desperately trying not to piss myself, at long last Kelly opens the door, laughing when she sees me bent over and holding my cock in pure desperation. ‘Oh god I’m so sorry, my eyeliner was smudged so I had to fix it. If I knew how badly you had to go I wouldn’t have took so long!’ she says sympathetically.

‘No it’s ok don’t worry about it’ I say quickly, hurrying past her into the toilet, slamming the door behind me. I bounce up and down frantically as I fumble with the lock, and suddenly I feel another long spurt of piss soak the front of my boxers. ‘Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck I’m wetting myself’ I mutter, locking the door and rushing in front of the toilet, lifting up the lid and quickly pulling my hard cock out of my boxers. I start to piss almost immediately, a long stream of urine loudly splashing into the toilet below. ‘Oh godddddd’ I moan loudly in sheer relief, closing my eyes and looking up at the ceiling, not caring about anyone in the office hearing.

After wetting hard for over a minute, the last few drops trickle out, and I sigh loudly with relief. I glance down at the front of my boxers, seeing a couple of damp patches, but nothing major. Nobody will ever know just how close I came to not making it to the toilet. I flush and wash my hands, and walk out into the office wearing an embarrassed grin. ‘You look relieved’ Michelle says, laughing as I walk past. ‘Yeah, I really needed that’ I say shyly, leaving the office and heading back to the tills. The rest of the afternoon is as boring as ever. Kira teases me a few times about how badly I had to piss, and laughs when I tell her how long I had to wait before I could finally get into the toilet. It’ll be a while before I decide to purposefully make myself desperate at work again, that’s for sure.

