A New Tennis Star?

Author: Piddly

*000*2019-09-15 10:36

Before reading any further, and for the avoidance of any doubt, there’s a possibility that the subject of the story COULD be underage, depending on the laws where you live. I say this, because here in the UK ballboys/ballgirls in professional tennis tend to be at the end of High School in terms of age (15-16) and serve for a couple of years typically, so the boy in question could theoretically be anywhere from age 15-18. In other countries this could be different, I’m no tennis expert,, in fact I only ever watch the Wimbledon final if I’m completely honest.

If you do not wish to read content where the main character could be underage, please do not read any further. There is no sexual content, regardless of age, and the story is written purely to be fictional representation of a factual event. I’ve changed the country/tournament to make sure it’s clear that this is fictional.

This was from the request thread for @diaperwetboy101

, and I thought it would make a neat little one shot.

Theo had never been more excited, in fact he’d barely slept and as a result was sat at the kitchen table before 7am, completely unheard of when he usually struggled to get out of ben before lunchtime! Nobody else was awake yet, so he contended himself with drinking glass after glass of orange juice whilst nervously reading over a sheet of paper headed “Guidelines” repeatedly.

He’d only had the document for a couple of days, but already he’d read and re-read it so many times that it was crumpled, creased and completely dogeared. You see, Theo was a massive professional tennis fan, and he really hoped to make a career of it himself. As with anything though, entry into the sport was difficult, and tended to be based not so much on your talent and ability but more on who you knew, and how much money you had. Theo had an incredible talent, having won just about every competition throughout school, and he just knew that he had what it would take to become the very best if he was given the chance, but unfortunately his working class background did little to help him mix in the right circles.

Both of his parents worked, but they had relatively entry level, menial jobs. Careers which they both enjoyed, and which put food on the table and kept a roof over the families heads, but which didn’t provide for expensive, private tennis club memberships nor the sort of social circle where the elite players would be seen.

Theo had therefore resigned himself to a career on the sidelines, watching from the stands and paying just for enjoyment when he got the chance. Then, completely unexpectedly, he’d received a letter in the post from the All England Tennis Club. With trembling hands he’d slit the envelope open, and his eyes had widened with delight as he’d read that the club had heard of his keen interest and his burgeoning talent, and would like to invite him to join them as a Ballboy for the forthcoming season, giving him not only access to come of the best tennis facilities and coaching staff in the world but also the opportunity to meet and hopefully get to know some of the big stars of the day, the sort of people who would be able to set him off on the right path to kick start his own career. He was in shock, things like this just didn’t happen to people like him!

And now, today was the day. As he sat turning over the list on guidelines they’d sent to him, guzzling orange juice to sate his thirst and to give him the energy he knew he’d need to get through the day ahead, Theo’s head was spinning - he just knew that if he could make a good impression today then his future would be secure.

“Morning sweetie.” Theo’s Mum called as she walked into the kitchen. “All set?”

Feeling sick with nerves and excitement, Theo could only nod, but his wide smile said it all. This was HIS BIG CHANCE and he wasn’t going to blow it, not for anything. Truth be told, being a Ballboy wasn’t all that difficult, so he knew he had nothing to be worried about, he just had to go through the motions and then his real opportunity would come in the locker-room afterwards when he’d get to meet some of the elite professionals and hopefully tap their knowledge and their contacts - who knows, maybe he could even get a practise game against one of them, just to show what he could do?

Having made them a quick breakfast, which Theo had only managed to pick at, his Mum glanced at the clock nervously, keen to get on the road in case there were any delays. She’d never forgive herself if he was late on his first day because of her!

“We should probably make a move soon, make sure we beat the traffic. Are you done or would you like something more to eat?”

Theo pushed the plate away, having eaten a little over half. “I’m finished Mum, thanks. Don’t think I can eat any more without making myself feel sick. I’ll have some more juice though, that’ll keep me going until after it’s over with. There’s a sportsman’s dinner this evening, so I’ll be able to fill up then.”

Whilst his Mum cleared the table, Theo gathered together his things and loaded them into the car. He’d just taken his seat when he realised that he should probably pay a visit to the bathroom before they set off, as he knew it was a couple of hours drive, but as he made to climb out of the car he saw his Mum locking the front door. Ah well, he thought to himself, I’ll just go when we get there. That’ll be a novelty anyway, using a toilet that so many famous stars have used before me! And, hopefully, I’ll soon be one of those famous stars myself!

They made relatively good time on the journey, until they hit the M25 motorway, and then it all ground to a halt. After sitting motionless for close to an hour, Theo was suddenly very grateful for his Mum’s foresight in setting off so early. It wouldn’t do to arrive late, who knows maybe they would’t even let him go on the court if he couldn’t get there on time? Not a chance he was prepared to take! Eventually the congestion cleared, and they found themselves speeding along towards Wimbledon, although finding a parking space then proved ridiculously tricky, eating yet further into there precious time and meaning that y the time they’d reached the ‘Players Entrance’ Theo barely had time to enjoy the moment of walking though it for the first time, although he did pause briefly whilst his Mum took a quick snap for posterity.

It was here that he had to ‘go it alone’, with his Mum making her way to the public turnstiles to find a seat in the stands from where she could watch her son’s big moment, and Theo himself making a frantic sprint down the corridors in search of the Ballboys dressing room, managing to launch himself through the door just as their supervisor began to give his his instructions.

“Ah, Theo, we thought you’d maybe had a change of heart? Anyway, no matter, grab a seat and get changed quickly whilst I run you all through the plan of action for the day. You’re up first as it happens, so you’ve got 5 minutes or so then it’ll be time to go out on court.”

Blushing a little at being made the centre of attention for all the wrong reasons, and hating being late, Theo meekly took his seat and began pulling on his shorts and t-shirt. Wy did they have to choose pink?! The supervisors words washed over him as he hurriedly changed, flustered by his late arrival and keen to make sure nothing else went wrong. As he tightened up the cord on his shorts, he felt a twinge in his badder, and was reminded of the skipped bathroom break that morning. Now it was a little more pressing, and after puling his trainers back on he stood, glancing around nervously in search of the toilets. Just as his eyes fell up upon the sign, however, he felt a hand grab his shoulder and spun around to see the supervisor standing there, duding hm to walk in the opposite directiontion.

“Come on then Theo, we’re ready a little behind schedule, so let’s get out on court and I can show you the ropes. Jack, Sammi, Katie, James, Ricky you lot too, the rest of you can find a seat in the front row of the stands if you like and enjoy the first match from there. We’ll only need you in an emergency, and somebody will signal to you if that’s the case.

“B…bu…but, sorry, C…can I just nip to the toilet first please? I Didn’t get a chance to go earlier, and then we got stuck in traffic….”

“Sorry lad, the players are waiting to start, and the TV cameras are already rolling. We’ll get fined massively by the sports channel if we keep them waiting and it disrupts their viewing schedule. Don’t worry though, you’ve seen who’s playing in this first match, it should be over in straight sets and then you’ll have plenty of chance to pop back inside.”

Theo felt his heart sink as he took this in, he was already getting agitated by the discomfort in his bladder, and he really wanted to make sure that he was on top form out there, demonstrating just how good he was, as well as being able to enjoy the game too. He knew he could easily wait to relieve himself until the match was over, but there was little chance of relaxing whilst he was trying to prevent himself jiggling around in front of the TV cameras. Ah well, at least he was here, and hopefully there would be plenty more matches in the future. Now he just had to make sure he performed the best he could, no silly mistakes and no lapses in concentration. It was quite a tall order, devoting enough of his attention to his bulging bladder and the game in hand, but he knew he was up to the job. At least, he hoped he was, or his ballboy career, and any hope of a professional tennis career, could well be over before they even got started.

The crowd roared as the ballboys and ballgirls made they way out on to the court, and Theo couldn’t help beaming, even giving a cheeky little wave and a bow which caused chuckles and giggles from the stands, but a disapproving look from his supervisor. They were supposed to be invisible, not playing up to the crowd, but Theo couldn’t help himself, was this what it felt like to talk out as a big star, only without the throbbing aching bladder of course?

As the match got underway, Theo knelt in place at the side of the court, grimacing as he felt his need to wee growing, but determined to see it through to the bitter end. He wasn’t going to be ‘that boy’ who caused the ‘emergency’ situation that the coach had mentioned back in the locker room, no chance! Shifting almost constantly in place, he chanced the occasional grasp of his crotch, but was all to aware of the thousands of spectators watching him from the stands, and the millions sat on their sofas at home watching on TV. He couldn’t be seen to be clutching at himself like a desperate toddler, his mates would never let his hear the end of it if they saw that, and his life would basically be over.

Eventually though the need got too great, and he knew that grasping at himself was far, far less embarrassing than the alternative. He’d already leaked a tiny spurt when he’d had to leap up to grab an errant ball, so he couldn’t risk taking any more chances, and by discreetly placing a hand over his crotch he was able to apply just enough pressure to ease things off slightly and help avoid the imminent risk of total, abject humiliation, Why was this match dragging on for so long? Hadn’t the supervisor said that it should have been over in straight sets? Now they were down to yet another tiebreaker, and he just knew that if one of them didn’t break the others serve soon then something in him would break, with devastating, mortifying consequences. No, no no, there’s no way he could let this happen.

And then, it was all over. The crowd were roaring, the players were shaking hands over the net, the point was won ad the match was finished. Theo had no idea who had won, and frankly at that moment he didn’t care. Here he was, stood at the side of the greatest, most famous tennis court in the world, having just taken part in what would go down in history as probably the most memorable game of tennis ever played, and far from using this opportunity to advance his own tennis career, what had he done?

He’d only gone and wet his pants, completely, like a 5 year old! His shorts were soaked, and he stood wet and weeping in a puddle of his own making, whilst the other ballboys and ballgirls tittered and giggled. The players looked over with compassion and concern, but seemed all too eager to get away from him, walking off in the opposite direction as quickly as they could. And then, his humiliation was complete, the TV cameras panned across and his devastated figure appeared magnified on the giant screens and his shame was streamed to televisions across the country and the world.

Poor Theo, there went a promising tennis career.

*002*2019-10-15 21:02

Vaguely toying with the idea of either a spin-off to this or a continuation, because I actually really enjoyed writing it. What do you reckon?

I've loads more ideas to play with, but quite like the idea of having a few quite different projects on the go - I think I learned a lesson from throwing literally 2 whole months of my life into one story, haha. Don't worry, that one will live on too, but figured a few very different stories would keep it all fresh...

