Wetting Story from 1st Person View

Author: argo46

*000*2014-03-05 00:50

I've been searching for a story involving a wetting from first person view, but could never find any, and since I really wanted to read one, I created one for myself and everyone here to enjoy. This is my first post, so I apologize for any mistakes/errors. Feel free to suggest anything I can do better in future stories. :)

You need to pee. It’s been several hours since you last went to the bathroom, since you want to know what it feels like to desperately lose control and spurt pee into your pants, watching it flow out and fill your clothes, making them shiny and wet, letting your warm pee all collect at your feet in a big, warm puddle as you uncontrollably wet yourself. Just thinking these thoughts makes your urge twice as intense as your bladder cries out for relief. You find yourself echoing your bladder, moaning in desperation and holding yourself. The urge is so strong that you almost want to just let it flow out right now and soak yourself, but you want to wait until the last moment, when you are forced to involuntarily wet your clothes with warm pee.

Oh! A spurt flows out of you before you can stop it, wetting the bottom of your underwear. It feels so warm that you want to just keep going. You accidentally let some more out as you think this, further wetting yourself. Nothing is visible yet, but you know you don’t have much longer until you burst. Another urge assails you, this one bigger than any before, forcing you into a frantic pee-pee dance, hopping around, holding yourself in desperation just to buy yourself a few more minutes. You love feeling this desperate, needing to go this bad, knowing you won’t be getting to a toilet, knowing that you are wearing your one means of relief. Another moan escapes your lips, giving voice to the struggle raging within you. However, try as you might, another spurt is released, this one longer than the others.

You feel momentary relief as you let the spurt soak your underwear. The warmth feels so pleasurable to you as a wet spot forms on your tight pants. Your bladder spasms and you feel more pee on the way. You squat down as a lengthy stream flows into your pants, lasting a few seconds before you desperately regain control, making the wet spot rapidly expand to your butt. A portion of the stream drips off of your wet bottom, forming a small puddle on the floor below you. You are reveling in the warmth that is gradually spreading around your butt as you slowly lose control. Your bladder is now beginning to constantly spasm, occasionally resulting in minor leaks into your pants. You know you don’t have long until you are forced to relieve yourself in your clothes. You feel your control slipping, and involuntarily let another stream flow out, wetting yourself to your thighs and warming your butt.

Finally, after waiting and wanting it for so long, your bladder grants you the much needed relief you desire as it completely gives in after you are hit by the biggest spasm yet. You feel a lovely warmth flow out of you, completely soaking yourself as you lose control. You desperately try to fight it, but the warm pee flowing down your legs feels too good, and you give in, letting your bladder release completely. You slightly bend your legs as pee streams out, covering your butt in shiny wetness and flowing down your legs, soaking your pants all the way to your shoes, which rapidly fill with warm pee. You sigh as you keep doing it in your pants, giving in to the warm, wet relief that still flows from your bladder.

Your shoes fill to the brim with pee, overflowing onto the floor and creating a huge puddle below you. You squat down over the puddle, letting the pee flow over your butt and drip off onto the floor below. You are encased in warm, wet pleasure. You finally feel yourself coming to an end, and stand up as the last of your pee flows out and down your sopping wet legs. You finish and release a moan of pleasure and contentment, looking down to examine your soaked pants. Almost nothing below your waist remains dry. Instead, the majority of your lower body is soaking and shining with wetness. You moan again as you feel a different urge for relief. You collapse into the puddle you created, further wetting the rest of your butt, as you begin to satisfy this new urge, uncaring for anything else in the world.

*005*2014-03-05 21:18

Just realized that it's second person and not first lol. Sorry for the mistake guys. Must not have been paying much attention at the time. And sorry for the number of tags too. I'm new to the whole posting in forums thing.

