Naughty Adventures

Author: ShadowPhantom

*000*2016-12-19 02:30

Melissa is 14 years old, and lives in a fair house, in a small town away from the large cities. The town wasnt very populated. Everyone knew each other for the most part. School just ended, and Melissa was walking with her friends, heading towards their houses. They all live side by side. Claire sighed, and smiled. School was over, and it was time to party. "So... Mel. What are we going to do?", she asked. Melissa began thinking of all the fun, exciting..., naughty things.. that they would do together. "Well..", Melissa began with a grin, "We will start with that idea I was thinking of. The one I mentioned a few days ago." Rachel look at Melissa, trying to remember what the idea was. "Oh yeah.. right. The one where your parent leave and.. y'know", Rachel said. Melissa nodded, her smile growing even bigger. Before they could work out the details, they reached home. "Alright Mel, Claire.. Tomorrow, we meed at Mel's and start the thing". Then they all ran off.

"Alright sweetie. Be safe, have fun. We will be back in 2 days", her mom said softly, as she kissed Melissa goodbye. Melissa waved, but her thoughts were focused on what they would do. Melissa ran straight to her room and undressed. Then she began surfing the closet, looking for the best outfit to wear for this spectacular event. Her parents dont leave often, so it is rare when she gets alone naughty time with her friends. Melissa pulled out 3 pairs of panties, and a pair of jeans. Slowly, she pulled on the green panties on, followed by blue ones, and then pink. Then she pulled on her tight jeans. They barely fit over the fat layer of clothes. She loved it. Then, she sprinted for her phone which lay on the kitchen table. She almost tripped down the stairs! She snatched her phone and dialed her friends. “Its on Claire, get Rachel and come over wearing your favorite outfit”, she said to Claire as she pulled on a shirt. Claire whimpered from excitement, and hung up.

The door bell rang, and Melissa went to open the door. As she did, she was greeted with Claire, Rachel, and Aaron. She gasped. Aaron was a guy she really liked in her class, and he was going to participate!? She was overwhelmed with excitement and extremely turned on. “So Melissa, you gonna let us in”, he said jokingly. They all walked in and went to the living room to discuss the plans. The idea was to spend the 2 days while Melissa’s parent were gone, without visiting the bathroom at all!

“So guys. Lets just live our lives, except we cant use the bathroom at all! I know Im excited”. It was 6:00 pm. Everyone already had been to the bathroom, so there were no worries.. for now. Melissa explained the evening plan. Then, she went to show everyone where they will be sleeping. She offered Aaron to sleep with her in her bed. He agreed. Claire would sleep on the couch and Rachel would sleep in Melissa’s parent’s bedroom. Once that was settled, everyone decided on a movie, grabbed some soda, and sat down on the sofa to watch

Time flew. The movie series was so interesting they almost forgot about their whole plan! Claire drank 5 cans of coke and was the first one who needed to go pee. It was 9:30 pm. The party was just getting started. Claire wore a pair of black panties and a pink skirt. Another 30 minutes passed, and Claire began squirming. “Im going to go use the bathroom guys, can you pause the movie?”, she asked. “Claire, dont you remember. All peepee and poopoo bussiness goes in your pants”, Melissa reminded. Claire readied herself. She was quite nervous having to pee helself in front of the hottest guy in their class.

She slowly released a small stream. She tried to stop it but it was too late. A gushing noise can be heard as her pee trickled through her panties and onto her leggings. The pee was very visibly pouring onto the couch making a large puddle under her on the leather sofa. The pee leaked off and onto the carpet on the floor. It spread on the couch, wetting Aaron’s sweatpants along with Rachel’s jeans. Claire felt a fart coming, so she let it out as well, making a loud stinkbomb. The pee still trickled. Her skirt was soaked and her panties were fully wet. She smiled as she finished relieving herself. “Nice!”, commented Melissa, returning her focus to the movie.

The movie continued and at 10:00, the group decided to finalize their night. After all, this was a long day. The last day of school. They went to bed. Claire’s pee cooled off, making her clothes feel cold, but its ok. They couldnt change clothes at all so she had to enjoy it while it lasted. Everyone got into their beds and fell asleep.

Melissa awoke and glanced at the clock. 3am. She tapped Aaron who was asleep next to her. He opened his eyes slightly. “Hey Aaron. I need to go pee. Im going to go now, so... just wanted you to know”. Aaron was a bit confused, still not fully awake, but then caught on. He got up too. “Well Mel”, he said as he stroked Melissa’s cheeck, “I need to go too”. Melissa was in disbelief. ‘Does he actually like me’, she thought. She had the urge to reach for his crotch for a second, but she did not want to go too far. This was sexual enough. “Aaron, you pee first”. Aaron sighed, and began letting go. You could clearly see his boner sticking out and a fountain of pee pouring from it. He had a look of relief and happiness on his face.

The pee made a large wet patch on his gray sweatpants. It was also slowly making a stain on the bed and blanket. Then it just ended, leaving a very wet bed. He layed back down and half closed his eyes, staring at Melissas crotch. “you’re next”, he reminded her with a smile. “I actually need to poop too”, Melissa added, as she let out a long but silent fart. Then she began to pee. The pee slowly soaked through the 3 pairs of panties and began to make a wet stain on her jeans. The pee trickled down her left leg and started to enlarge the pee stain made by Aaron on the bed. As she was peeing, she also farted again, and began to push. A long log was coming out, forming a lump on her butt. The tight jeans and panties squished the poop around her butt cheecks making a massive mess. The warm poop and pee felt amazing. Aaron and Melissa then went back to sleep

Meanwhile....

Rachel was interrupted from her dreams by the urge to pee, so she just opened her eyes slightly to be aware of her sorroundings and pushed full force. The jet stream of pee was quickly puddling up under her on the bed, not soaking in yet. She fiddled her hands in it as the puddle got larger. Then finally after she was done, she went back to sleep.

It was 10:00 am. Claire was first to wake up. She was holding her crotch immedeatly. Not having peed all night long, she now had that usual morning urge. Still holding herself, she let go, allowing the pee to pour all over her hands, warming them. Then the pee began to drip on the leather couch as well, seeping into the crevaces of the sofa. She was all soaking wet, and in the mood, so she rubbed herself for a bit. She almost fell off the couch when Melissa walked into the living room. “Mel, that smell. Did you poo yourself already?”, Claire giggled, as she removed her hand from her crotch. “Yep. Did it at night. I see you’re enjoying yourself.”, Melissa replied. Then Aaron walked in, the stain on his used-to-be wet sweatpants now faded out. Claire blushed. She was feeling a bit uncomfortable. “So guys. Lets go and do something. The whole point of this is to live normal lives under our naughty rules”, Aaron said. “Im going to brush my teeth”, he added as he began walking away.

Rachel woke up a few minutes later, and soon.. they were all eating some delicious toast breakfast. “Mmm, this is good. How about we go out to the moview today? I got some money laying around.”, Melissa offered. “Yeah sure, but there’s 4 of us. Can you afford it?”, Aaron asked. “Of course”, Melissa assured.

After finishing breakfast, they all left the house to go to the movie theater. Melissa was very energized by the fact that they were going to the movie theater in wet clothes. Melissa still had poop smeared all over her butt. She liked it. The movie theater was down the block so it took them 5 minutes to get there. They all entered the theater and went to buy tickets. The lady who was selling them noticed the smell emitting from them and made a face. Melissa felt more naughty then ever. They bought 4 tickets and ran to buy popcorn. They were already 2 minutes late to the movie, but its ok. They show alot of commercials before the actual movie begins. They bought a large bucket of popcorn and 4 large waters for each of them. They were planning to make a mess.

The room was dark, and not too crowded. There were a few people here and there, but this theater was mostly theirs. Melissa smiled at the thoughts of what they would do. It was already 1:00 pm. Her parents would return at 6 this evening. They had to get all the fun they could out of the last couple of hours together. Melissa was starting to get an urge to pee from all that orange juice they drank that morning but she wanted to hold it. Rachel was desperate at this point. She had only peed the bed last night, and the orange juice was also pushing on her bladder hard. She wanted to enjoy the movie so she let it out right then and there.

A faint hiss could be heard as she relaxed and let it flow. Her already wet jeans were becoming even wetter as the hot piss spread around her soft seat and soaked into it. Rachel quietly reached into her pants to rub. Aaron noticed it and immedeatly, he was getting a hardon. He hid it with his hands. Rachel rubbed herself and moaned while at it. The volume of the movie made it unhearable so no one knew or saw what she was doing. Rachel kept peeing while rubbing, wetting all over her hands. Her jeans were warm now and so was her seat. She felt satisfied. As her stream of pee died off, she layed back and watched the Movie.

Half an hour into the movie, Aaron felt a strong hit against his butt. ‘Oh no’, he thought. He had diahrrea. He wanted to wait till home but he had no control over it so he let go. A loud, wet fart emitted from his ass as the liquid poop poured out of his butt, spreading around his underwear. Pee hissed through his underwear as he re-wet his cold sweatpants and made them warm again. The naughty feeling of going to the bathroom in a theater felt great! Sadly it was over soon. The movie ended after another 20 minutes and they walked home, pee dripping from their wet clothes. As they got home, it was already 2:00. The fun time was over. The clean up would take alot of time so they all got to work.

At 5:00 pm, there was a knock on the door. Melissa went to open it. It was her parents. “Hello sweatheart”, her mom sayed softly. Then glanced at the group of friends on the couch. “You brought friends? How sweet”, she added.

They all said goodbye to each other and departed home, awaiting the next time they could enjoy some more naughty action.

- Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoyed my first post. I'd love to hear feedback. I surfed the web and found some pictures that look like the characters in the story.

- Melissa

- Claire

- Aaron

- Rachel

