Mc'Wetting

Author: Emrys

*000*2012-01-16 18:29

This story has been writen in the style of a confession so please, imagine you're navigating the real life experiences lists and indulge in a little schadenfreude. There's a fairly long fuse on this one and a slow burn, hopefully the bang will be worth it.

Hi everyone, my name is Seren. I'm going to tell you all about an ETREMELY embarrasing accident that I had about a year ago.

I'm only writing this at all because a friend of mine kept banging on at me to get it off my chest, as the memory of the event has stayed with me. It makes my insides feel like they're collapsing in on themselves, like my heart has burst and is spewing hot blood into my lungs until I can't breath. Yes it really was that bad. Made worse by the fact that I live in a small town in the hinter-lands of the UK; everyone knows everyone. I'm sure that at least some of you know what that's like.

Sorry if I'm going on a bit, I'm just working my way up to it... so here goes nothing.

The whole thing began on a Friday night. I was doing a 12-8 shift at my new job, my first ever job, at Mc'donalds'. I had been there for a week, but I still found the eperience to be quite daunting. They put me on the tills at front counter, as it seemed to be an unwritten rule that all the girls go there and all the boys get put in the kitchen. There was so much to learn; the way the menu was crammed onto the touch-screen till was just crazy! And even though the girl who originally taught me, Rhiannon, was very patiant and helpful, most people wouldn't spare me their frustration if I made a mistake. And I made loads.

When it's busy the atmosphere is frantic. Everyone had to shout to be heard over the sounds of equipement and buzzers; customers talking; the somewhat harsh, boisterous din of the kitchen boys; and the constant Musac (famous pop songs-I'm more of an emo/rock girl), so I found it all a bit more than tense.

I'm a rarther shy girl anyway, and a bit on the short side, but not tiny. I've got shoulder length hair, dyed black and slighty curly, which ofcourse I had to tie back while working there. Although friends have told me that my curves are really attractive, I've always thought of myself as being a little dumpy. Not that it matters now, no boy is going ti want me after hearing about what happenned.

So anyways, it was a Friday and I'd just finished the shift. While in the crew room I got a text from my mate who lives in Maesgeirchen (mice-gair-can) that few of our mates were getting wasted that night. Now, I knew that I had work again at 12, but it was Friday and the thought of letting off some steam with friend was very appealing at that moment. Plus I could hardly walk into an offie' myself to buy booze so if I wanted to drink at all I had to rely on them. I walked all the way there (it took about two hours!), still in my work clothes because there was no time to go to mine and get changed, phoned my mam to say where I'd be and arrived at the party.

It was all happenning there. Alot of the boys had brought weed as well as beer, vodca and some weird stuff called 'Jeigermeister', one of them even had some coke, but I was satisfied with the Lambrini that my girlfriends had managed to get. well, I did have a few pulls on a joint. Not that many mind you. Ironically, I remember being worried that if I smoked too much I would fall asleep and wet me knickers in front of all my friends. To be honest, I wish it had happenned that way, it still would have been less embarrasing than the way it acually went down.

The party went on until about 4am, at which point most of the older ones moved on to someone elses' house. that left me, my mate Sioned and her BF Gari, whose house it was (he was a bit older, and he had gone to bed earlier because he had been working all day). For the net hour me and Sioned messed around, throwing clothes about, giggling, general pissed girly stuff, until we were definately ready for bed. Sioned got a blanket for me and just flopped it over my half unconscious body, which ws making the bast of the couch, adding 'nos da seren bach' (good night, little star), 'nos da cariad' (good night, love) I replied. Then she went upstairs to Gari.

I awoke with a start. Like the light shinning throught the unshuttered curtains, the realisation that I had to work that day dawned on me, stung me. I figured that I had to be late, because the sun was up and I had gotten drunk. Panic gripped my mind as I reached down to a pile of my things, looking for my bag and the phone inside it, very worried indeed. If I lost my job, I knew, my parents wouldn't ever let me stay at Sioneds' house or anyones' ever again, plus, in the panic of the moment it occured to me that I wouldn't be able to get another job because the only place I could get a reference from a place which had sacked be for being late. I was still drunk and all these portents of doom were ringing in my head, causing me to feel queezey. I pushed the phone into my face, my guts turning over with adrenaline in unwanted antisipation: 11:30am. Fuck glory hallejula.

There was a chance. If I could convince Gari to give me a lift I might just make it in and save my skin. I rummaged around in my pile, pulling on my white cotton knickers (yeah, yeah, I know, but my mamand dad are cheap, aye! they buy the packs), then my Maccies top which was skin tight (weird moment: I remembered one of the older kitchen boys telling me that he thought they sized all the girls' clothes wrong on purpose), then the socks, but the trouser weren'tin the pile. Instead was this pair of ever so slightly faded suit-pants, or something. Then another memory flooded back into my mind from the night before, Not of a wetting, but a dousing. One of the lads had been messing about and had spilt larger all down one of my legs, so Sioned had grabbed the first thing she came across in her room to lend me. She's less curvy than me, so these pants were skin-tight too. At this time though, I had been grateful for them. I plastered them on, then ran up to their room.

'Sioned!'I knocked on the door, not too loudly, but urgently, I was in a very urgent mood. 'you ok, seren?' thesleepy answer came back after a few moments, and I relaxed by a degree, but no more. I eplained myself when she got to the door, after which she did get Gari up. 'I suppose I can get a coffe while I'm there, aye?' he said weakly, flashing a grin that said he was probably ready to get up anyway, but would have preferred to 'attend yo bussines' first. I blushed out a smile as we went downstairs and put our shoes on. I was going to make it after all. The damn nearest run thing that you ever did see in your life. Thank God for good friends, is all I could think at the time. But as we went outside and crossed over to his 1.3 Ford Fiesta I realised I had alot more to think about than I first imagined. You already know what that was I suppose.

I hadn't gone to the bathroom right before I went to sleep, like I know I should have. And when I woke up the drama of trying not to be late had pushed all other priorities aside. Well now, in the car, as we bounced over the estates' suspension busting speed traps, one of those priorities was pushing back. Back, downwards and outwards with a spike of intensity that, quite obviously, took me by surprise. Gari was being careful not to speed as we drove through the estate, conscious that there were usuallt police about and that the speed bumps were put there to protect neiboughood children, and it was a Saturday. 11:49. Very tight, but we were on our way.

I wanted to ask him to speed up but I daren't not, as he was good enough to do this for me ion the first place. The tightness in my bladder was worsening exponentionally, but it wasn't all that bad, I told myself, because we'd be there soon, so I just held on. The urge to hold myself was getting stronger though, which made me feel ashamed.

Me and Sioned were the same age, but I was being driven to work by her older boyfriend, who had a car and a house, and I just felt like a little kid who couldn't hold her white wine and might just pee a little in her knickers if he didn't hurry the fuck up. 11:57. We'd spent the entire ride in silence, and I thimk it was getting to both of us. I mean, I would have on the edgr of my seat if it hadn't been cranked too far back for the action not to be noticable.

'Do you mind if I flip the radio on?' Gari asked. Just like that, Garis'care-free nature had sliced through that tension in the cab, and for one tenth of a second, in my pants as well. I gave out a somewhat surprised 'iaun!' (ok) smiling while I blushed, but only briefly, as I desperately struggled against the spurt and won control of myself. The only damage was a small wet spot in my knickers. Only small. But I could feel it there now. The radio clicked on '...classic song there by Wet Wet Wet, and we're going to follow it right up with another classic from the mid nineties: "I'm only happy when it rains"...', a damn close run thing...

11:59. We were on the main road down to Maccies' now, a straight road, and I was seriously worried at this point. Not about being late, I knew I was going to be a few minutes over by now, but I could live with that. I had to wrap my head around the possibility that I might end up wetting myself in the car park as I got out of Garis' car, on the busies day, at the busiest time. I wished he hadn't turned on the radio now, because Shirley Mansons' words were not helping ny situation: "pour your misery down on me...". I was miserable. I pulled all my inner resouces together now and focused my strength, blocking out the music, my surroundings, keeping just one thought in my head: 'hold'. 12:04. 'What was that Seren?' Gari said as he navigated the web of cars trynig to turn into the car park. 'oh, nothing. 'Thanks for getting up for me Gar', diolch!' I said as my fingers were snaking for the door handle. 'ddim problemo, seren bach, any time!'

'Bye Gari!' The moment of truth. I hurled myself out and plotted a course for the doors and to my near astonishment, I was doing ok.

Through the doors now, I weaved in between the crowd of would-be burger munchers, into the corridor and towards the toilets. The customer ones were chock-a-block, so I entered the staff only corridor to go to those ones. What do you think I found? locked doors. Both of them. I let out a wimper, and with it a thin stream of wetness found its' way into the cotton of my panties, but overall I kept my composure. I was adamant that after all I'd been through, I was not going to let this day slip into disaster.

So I went to the crew room, dumped my bag and coat on the couch, taking my cap and went back to wait. For about five seconds. One of the managers, Tim, came through the kitchen door at the end of the corridor, looked around and saw me, he looked about as desperate as I felt, briskly walking towards me. (Oh, shit) 'Sorry I'm la-' I started, but he was quicker. 'That's ok. Fine. Your not that late, and it's my shift anyway. But if I could just get you set up on a till as soon as pos' that'd be lovely, thanks.'

'I-'

'Cheers. we're two people down today and it's absolutely packe. Don't worry though, it'll only last about two and a half hours.' To this day I don't know why I followed him blindly into work without saying a word. I think he mesmerised me by being niceabout the fact that I was late, or maybe the reassuring sound of his voice or the constant eye contact. Whatever it was, he had me. I was doomed I'm that moment. I felt strangley helpless. As I clocked myself in I became aware of the wet spot in my pants again. I swear it was more like a very moist patch by now. I marched up to the tills, avoiding eye contact and totally under the power of this manager. He was one of the good ones. But the busy state of the store was blinding him to all other concerns, he hadn't noticed the stiffness of my walk.

I signed into a till that was already running and had a massive que i front of it. I remember thinking that I really, really, REALLY wish I had pissed through my knickers and into my skin-tight trousers on Garis' car seat. And the thing about these trousers is that they weren't the same material as or cut as the work pants, which probably would have at least made any stain less visible, wettness doesn't really show up on them. It was too late now. I'd never get away. 'Hello, can I take your order, please?' I strained, trying to concentrate on what the customer was saying. Which was hard, because I was constantly aware that I was wearing wet panties in work. The patch had grown.

They wanted a double cheese and a Mac. The trickling had stopped while I collected the burgers and handed them over listlessly. I had retreated deep inside my own mind, as the pee had escaped deep into my knickers by now. I should have said something, but there was so much energetic activity all around me and I suppose I felt that they would just say no. I had lost my grip on reality. The next person wanted two cokes. I took themoney and went to the drinks tower, putting two large cups under the nozzles and pressed the two buttons which automatically began to fill them with gushing liquid. I had lost my grip. As soon as I heard the dispensers start- whooooosh.....;my legs wobbled this way and that. With my back to the customers, I properly wet my pants. One great big surge of wetness eploded into my knickers and they became drenched. The unimpeded wave went straight through my slightly faded tight black pants, which nobody had noticed until now. I contracted once, then gave up utterly.

I focused on the cups as I felt the pee flow in so many dividing streams down my legs. The plastered on material absorbed it right up my bum, as it did at the front. I just watched the two cups become full as I finished completely soaking all my pants, making a vast puddle underneath me. As my senses reterned to me I realised that everyone had gone silent. I heard the last hiss of my shame before the boys in the kitchen also started wandering what was going on. I finally started crying. The other girls bundled me off quickly as they could to the staff toilets, hesitating for a moment while they decided on whether to take me through the kitchen or dining area. They had to take me through the kitchen. The whole building had come to a stand still. All eyes were either on me or learing round obsticles trying to see me. The girls got me some new work pants and I cleaned myself up. I didn't waste any time getting out of there, and I've never set foot inside that building since.

Wow. I think I do actually do feel better after telling you that. I'll always feel ashamedof myself, though. Soon as I can, I'm going to go to uni' somewhere else. I mean, I live/was born in a uni' town, but I can't stay here. Sad I know, but there it is. I'd still stay in Wales though (we get financial help from local governement)

Oh, and one more thing. I'm under no illusions as to what kind of site this is, which is why I made an effort to make the telling as 'entertaining' as possible, while fulfilling the requirement of my brief to seek a little closure on this matter. But I don't mind though, hey! It takes all sorts to move the world, right?

Seren xx

AUTHERS' NOTE: Not even in school, 13 years ago, did I ever have to copy-type a 3000 word document. Eesh! If nobody reads this I'm going to hang myself from the big 'M' outside our Maccies'.

*002*2012-01-17 23:55

Ha! I actually do work at the very store described in the story, but no-one's ever lost it there. That would be too awesome. I'm one of the 'boisterous kitchen boys', and we have a great view of the front girls from behind the production bin and the afore mentioned drinks tower.

Sorry if I over-egged the pudding, but I've alway inferred that it's good form to try to bring your characters to life before you kill them.

*004*2012-01-18 02:32

Yeah, in the north west. I wasn't born here, so I don't speak it, but have lived on the coast for 17 years. Welsh properly starts at Conwy, I would say. Here in Bangor, it's stong.

*005*2012-01-18 02:39

{{: 

It's funny, Welsh is barely spoken at all in the South Wales valleys, but I've heard it's more common in Bangor and up north in general.

}}

(Damn it, I replied to your text on my own one, i'm still getting used to this stuff) Yes/aye. north west really, it starts at Conway and grows in strength. Very Welsh in Bangor. Are you a valley boy? Good to see Mark williams out-run Maguire. Come on mark.

*007*2012-01-18 17:25

{{: 

Great story. It can happen to anyone (and does) Don't feel bad. There are people who think it's cute :)

}}

Thanks very much for your support bud, but in all candor, this is the fiction forum; but now that I read the intro back, I suppose I was a little esoteric about the fact that this is a fictitious story written in the style of a real life confession. I am a 28 year old man, who got inspiration from working at Mc'donalds' to write about a 16 year old girl called seren who doesn't exist. I'm not having a go bud, the thing is if this happenned to me I wouldn't write about it. Not that it ever would, because unlike Seren, I don't fxxking listen to the Managers when they tell me it's busy! I own them! All the same, thanks for enjoying my story, you've made my day!

*009*2012-01-23 01:04

{{: 

Not at all. That was perfect! People like things to be 'real'! So pleas don't hang yourself. Why couldn't you copy and paste it, and wouldn't you enjoy writing it? I guess not twice though.

}}

The thing is, I'm simply not very good with computers, I don't anticipate them. I've been logged in here for three days straight because I forgot to sign off; I thought that it should do that for you. So yeah, I didn't occure to me to use the buttons 'un stuff. But I did get some high impact typing practice, badly needed. Thanks for checking out my stuff, and for not confusing 'Emrys' with the main character (sorry jtlovespee).

