Patreon Account

Author: SashaButters

*000*2015-09-19 01:08

I know Patreon is mostly for people who draw, and have talent and whatnot, so this is for you bookworms out there who appreciate and understand the work that goes into a story.

Due to a disability that mimics Turrets syndrome,( With both physical and vocal tics) I am unable to get hired. ( Because accidentally growling at the person interviewing you tends to be frowned upon lol) I've been looking for work daily for over a year and have come up with nothing leaving me no choice but to pursue writing. So at my families insistence, I've decided to open up a Patreon account.

For those that don't know how that works, it's a way for people to sponsor artists/ writers that you like who create free content for people to enjoy. The idea is, instead of asking a lot of money from a few people ( eg. my family ) , i'm asking for a little bit of money from a lot of people ^^

So for those that do enjoy my writing, and want me to make more, this is how you motivate me XD

Things i've written:

- Just Let It Out

- Emily's Diary

- Afternoon in the Chokee

- Pan's Personal Purgatory

- Taking Over the Family Business

- My Life as a Teenage Bed Wetter

- a few one shots as well

So if you ever read and enjoyed those stories and understand just how much time and effort went into creating them, maybe consider pledging a dollar or two a month ^^ Of course there will be special content available only for people who pledge. I was thinking of writing some Emily/ Anna one shots. Also people who pledge $10 a month get a free request.

A really really really BIG thank you to Justice for already pledging ^^ I owe you a story.

%https://www.patreon.com/SashaButters?ty=h

*002*2015-09-19 01:30

There is supposed to be this whole thing where employers can't discriminate based on disabilities, but they are obviously not going to come out and say that's why they are not going to hire me, you know. They say things like "Not enough experience" or "not a good fit" so I can't prove anything. Just last week I was at a job interview that was going really well, he liked my qualifications and I even got to the second interview, but then I started ticking real bad and they said I didn't have enough exp. even though I had 2 years exp and it was an entry level position. Then of course they are interviewing like 15 people for one position, so it's like...pick the random girl who can't control her body movements and is probably a liability.. or pick any of the other 14 people....

Thank you, I really appreciate it ^^

*004*2015-09-19 06:10

I understand. This period of time is hard on a lot of people. Normally my family is able to help me out, but some things have happened (all at once of course) and we are basically down to one income supporting 3 people. I've always put a lot of pressure on myself on job hunting, but now there's a lot more pressure to come up with some kind of income.

I have honestly no idea what to do, I've been selling everything not bolted to the ground to pay as much of my bills as I can. Having a yard sale tomorrow. Hoping that goes well. I'm like in between being disabled. I don't think of myself as being disabled enough not to work and I want to get out there and be productive, earn a living etc. but I'm considered a "liability" to most people. On paper I look fine and can get interviews and I get so nervous which makes it WAY worse and then they meet me in person and it's like no way!

*006*2015-09-22 20:38

{{:

Helping out via patreon isn't an option for me *just* yet, but have you thought about selling shorts on amazon? The erotica genre goes really well. If you charge $2.99 for story, min 3000 words, people will buy. There's a bunch of websites that offer advice and you already have a few fans by the look of it :)

Some people make a ton of money but most people make *some* money. I've got two up and I've sold a few. Worth a shot?

}}

Huh, that's an interesting thought. I haven't really thought of that before, I know kindle has even opened a market for fanfiction as well. Sex certainly sells. *Most* of my stuff isn't erotic except for a few scenes of Just Let it Out to see if I *could* write erotic. It was certainly fun! I can only write erotic yuri though haha I just can't write anything about a penis with a straight face ^^'

*007*2015-09-26 17:31

A really really big thank you to Lucifer Angel for pledging ^^ If you are on this site, message me about what kind of commission you want.

