Pokemon the Next Generation - Page 2

Author: Raisuga

*025*2014-01-07 04:13

Trying to make up for all the lost time :)

And yes they will be

*027*2014-01-08 06:35

Chapter Five - Departure

Morning came all too soon as Lucas heard a knock on the door. Still tired from the lack of sleep, he groans and stretches as he looks at the clock. It was only seven thirty in the morning. Once again, he heard a knock on the door.

"Come in..." Lucas replied grumpily. Still rubbing the sleep from his eyes, he hears the door open, followed by this mother's voice, "Your friends are here to see you. I told them that you would probably want to sleep in a little, but Rose insisted."

"Okay... Tell them I will be there in a minute..." He replies as his mother shuts the door. Slowly, he walks over to the dresser and begins to undress from the clothes of the day before. As he is getting dressed, however, the door opens and Rose walks in, "Geez Light! How long are you gonna keep us wai-" An awkward silence lingers over them as they stare at each other, both blushing as Light stands there in just his boxers. Rose, letting out an embarrassed squeak-like noise, quickly turns away from him while he finished getting undressed.

While he put on his clothes, she notices the incubator and begins examining it. "Is this what I think it is?" Rose asks. Still shirtless, he walks over to Rose and looks at the egg. "Yeah, I found it at the beach last night! Pretty cool, right?" He replied, shirt forgotten in his hand.

"Yeah it is! How long until it hatches?!" She asked, still staring at the egg.

"I don't know... According to the book my mom gave me last night, it shouldn't take too long since it has a pattern on it. Although I could've sworn it moved last night before I fell asleep." He said, picking up the egg with his free hand and placing it in the stand near his window as instructed last night by his mother. "I kind of wish that I knew what Pokemon was inside of it though... I don't know what to feed it when it hatches... The book says that most newly-born Pokemon can just be fed milk for a couple weeks... however it also says that some Pokemon need to be fed whole foods at birth. I swear if this thing hatches into a Snorelax or a Munchlax I'll be in some serious trouble." Lucas joked, making Rose laugh too.

"I'm sure the Professor will help you out. Now I have one more question..." Rose said sheepishly.

"What would that be?"

"Can you... um..." She pinches her shirt and gives it a slight tug then points at him, blushing slightly. It takes him a minute to understand.

"Oh right! Sorry!" He says, putting his shirt on and tucking it in, then grabbing his jacket and slinging it over his shoulder. "Wait... what am I apologizing for? You're the one who just barged into my room while I was half naked!" He said teasingly, making her blush again.

"Oh shut up!" She retalliated, crossing her arms. "How was I supposed to know?!"

"There's this thing called knocking that most people do before entering a room... Maybe you should give it a try." He replied, smiling and winking at her. She just rolled her eyes and walked out before him as he shut the door behind him. As they walked into the living room, he looked around expecting to see Johnny and Blaze, however, neither one were to be found. "Huh... maybe they're outside..." Lucas said, heading over to the front door. Outside, there was still no sign of them. Sorrow began to overcome him. Noticing this, Rose walks over to him and lays a hand on his shoulder.

"Cheer up Light... I'm sure they're still around. Well, Johnny should be at least... You know my brother... He never did like to say good bye to people..." she said soothingly, trying to cheer him up. He just leans up against the fence and sighs.

"You would think that they would wait five minutes..." Light said, slightly depressed. All of a sudden he hears a ringing sound. Rose pulls her Pokedex out of her bag's front pocket and opens it to answer the call. It was Johnny.

"Hey Rose, is Blaze with you?" Johnny asked.

"No we thought he was with you." Rose replied.

"Damn it! He better not have left yet!" Johnny said, anger obvious in his voice.

"Why what happened? Why would he leave without saying good bye to Light?! Those two are best friends!"

"I know... but he's been acting strange all morning, wouldn't you agree?"

Rose looked as if deep in thought. "Now that you mention it... he's been acting strange the last few days..." She replied.

"Well I'm sure he would have a good reason for leaving so suddenly..."

"Speaking of which, why did YOU leave?!"

"I forgot something at my house and I'm on my way back now. I just thought that maybe Blaze was still there."

"Okay we'll wait for you at Light's house then." She said, closing the Pokedex. She was obviously worried about Blaze, although you could see the frustration in her eyes. Light walked up to her and asked cautiously, "You think Blaze's okay? It's true that he's been acting wierd that last week or so... but still, you can never tell what Blaze is thinking... maybe he DID have a good reason for leaving so suddenly."

She didn't reply. Instead, she walked over to the stone bench near the garden. She started shaking slightly, obvously crying. As he approached her, Light stopped next to the bench to see if she would object to him being near her. When no such objection came, he sat next to her, not knowing what to do to cheer her up. Instinct came over him and he reached for her opposite shoulder. Once his hand was on her shoulder, she nudged closer to him and they sat together like that while she calmed down.

Once she stopped crying, she wiped the tears from her eyes, "Sorry that you saw that... I'm just upset because I know how hard it must be for you to see the three of us leave when you still have such a long toime before you can leave too... And Blaze just leaving like that just made things worse..."

"It's okay Rose." He said, rubbing her shoulder comfortingly. "Blaze puts on that tough guy act... but I know that he didn't intend to hurt anyone. I'm sure he just got a little impatient and left before he couldn't anymore... I mean, yeah I'm upset that he left, but I can understand..." He smiled at her, who smiled back. For a few minutes, they just stared into each others' eyes. Suddenly, someone walks up to them.

"Umm... am I interrupting?" It was Johnny, who was staring at them both with a smirk on his face. Quickly they both stood up and took a step away from each other. Johny just laughs and starts to walk away, "Well anyway, shall we get going?" he asks, still walking towards the road. They run to catch up with him.

Twenty minutes of chatting, and a lot of teasing from Johnny and a punch to his arm from Rose, they finally reach Route 1. They all just stand there, none of them saying a word as they stared off into the horizon. Finally, Johnny says his good byes and starts to head out before Rose, claiming that if he stayed much longer he would never leave. Rose and Light just stared at Johnny until he couldn't be seen.

After about ten minutes of silence, Light turns to Rose, "Well... I guess you should get going..." he tells her, making no attempt to hide the sadness in his voice. For a minute she didn't respond, instead she flings her arms around him and hugs him. He could feel his face growing bright red. Slowly he returned the gesture. Finally she let go and ran off, waving back and smiling as she did so. He waved back. It wasn't until she could barely be seen anymore when he finally started to walk home. He couldn't help but remember how it felt to hug Rose, how warm she felt... how comforting it was to hold her... the smell of strawberries from the perfume she was wearing still lingered on his clothes...

It was no mystery that he liked her, and he was pretty sure that she liked him too. However, valuing the friendship they had, he never questioned her about her feelings and decided that she would talk about it when she felt like it.

As he walked back home, he hears something running up to him. He turns around to find an Umbreon, more than likely the Professor's, running up to him. Once she was close enough, he kneels down to let her sniff his hand. She nuzzles his hand and allows him to pet her, purring as he did.

"Hey there... Is the Professor nearby?" Umbreon just continued to purr as he scratched behind her ear. Once he stopped, he noticed that there was something tied to her leg. As he reached for it, Umbreon lifted her paw and allowed him to untie it from her leg. It was a message from the Professor to him.

"Lucas,

I know it must be hard for you to see your friends leave. I was worried about you last night so I figured I would invite you to come over tomorrow so we can work on your Pokedex design. I figured that might help cheer you up a bit.

Gary.

P.S. Bring the egg with you. your mother called me and told me about it and I might have a little something that might help you out a little bit."

Once he finished reading the letter, he pet Umbreon on the head and thanked her. She wagged her tail and said, "Umbree!" before running off towards the direction of the Lab. Once he got back home, he went back to the kitchen and made a sandwich to satisfy his growling stomach. Once he finished, he went back upstairs and looked at the window to see how the egg was doing, only to find an empty shell and a trail of egg shell pieces that led to his bed. Excited, he looked under the bed to find nothing but dust and a pair of socks that he was looking for.

It was when he heard a small squeak that he looked on top of his bed and sure enough, curled up in his blanket, was a small Abra that could fit in the palm of his hand.

*029*2014-01-08 12:29

I've always been an Umbreon fan myself. I just never could have one of my own since I had strict parents who liked me in bed at a certain hour and when I finally got away from there I get a job that requires me to work all night T-T. I finally have one though lol

*031*2014-01-08 20:29

Her character's personality is actually based off of an old friend of mine. She was the one who asked me to type this up for her actually lol. With that being said, that's what makes the character pop to life because it's like I actually know the character herself

*033*2014-01-09 14:25

But if you like Rose, you will absolutely adore Leanne lol

*035*2014-01-09 17:44

Either the next chapter or the one after.

*037*2014-01-12 02:41

Sorry it's taking so long. I'm trying to work things out with the next few chapters to help speed things up a bit. I feel like I'm spending too much time in Pallet Town. however I should have something posted by tomorrow night, Monday night the latest

*039*2014-01-12 03:36

Sounds like a plan. I will definitely keep you in mind for Omo ideas.

*041*2014-01-12 17:00

More than likely the next chapter will be tonight. I think I got things worked out. Now I just got to type out the final draft and see how it looks

*043*2014-01-13 19:21

Couple of errors, but easily fixable. I'll definitely have it posted tonight when I get off work

*044*2014-01-14 02:49

Chapter Six - An Unusual Encounter

"PROFESSOR!!!" Lucas shouted as he flung the door to the Pokemon Lab open with one hand, the other held close to his chest. Gary, who was working on some paperwork at his desk, jumped out of his seat wide-eyed in shock at the sudden entrance. Umbreon, who was sleeping in Gary's lap, gave an aggravated yowl as she hit the floor. Slowly, and out of breath, Lucas walked over to him, "It... the egg... It hatched!" He said, panting heavily.

Gary, ignoring Umbreon's swat to his leg, gave him a puzzled glance, "Did you run all the way here?! Your house is about a twenty minute walk from-"

"I know I know... But look!" Lucas held out the hand that was held cupped to his chest to reveal the baby abra. Gary stared at it for a moment, then slowly reached out for it. With a nod from Lucas, Gary gently lifted the abra into his hands. Right away he could tell that it wasn't an ordinary abra. For starters, it had what appeared to be a type of gem, white in color, on its forehead, the ring patern on its tail was a teal color, the natural armor that every abra wore, although it was soft now since it was just born, was also a teal color. However, what stood out the most was that its eyes were open, revealing a blue left eye and a red right eye.

"Well now... I didn't expect it to hatch so soon..." Gary said, still examining the baby pokemon.

"Neither did I. Although I will admit I saw it wiggling around last night before I went to sleep. I thought it was just my eyes playing tricks on me from being up so late..." Lucas explained, finally starting to catch his breath.

"I see..." Gary muttered, still staring at the abra, who was now stretching its arms out. Gary wiggled the finger it was reaching for and it squeaked excitedly. The sudden noise seemed to get Umbreon's attention, who was now staring at Gary's hand with her head cocked slightly to one side. "I take it that it was its odd appearance that made you rush over here today instead of tomorrow?" Gary asked Lucas, who nodded his response. Gary walked over to the kitchen and grabbed a water bottle and gave it to Lucas, who practically drained three quarters of the bottle in one gulp.

"Thanks Professor." Lucas said as he sat down. "So what do you think of it?" He asked, pointing to the abra.

"To be honest Luke... I have no idea what to think. I have never seen an abra like this. Even an abra with an odd color doesn't look like this." Gary replied, walking over to his desk, sitting down again and pulling up a picture of an odd-colored abra. From what Lucas could tell, the only thing that was different was that its natural color was just a little brighter, and its eyes were definitely closed. He looked back to the abra, who was now sitting on the desk staring at him and being closely watched by a curious Umbreon from Gary's lap.

Suddenly Lucas felt an odd chilling sensation, similar to the feeling of getting ice cold water dumped on you, that started from his head and made its way down to his toes, making him shudder slightly. A couple of seconds later he felt it again. Gary stared at him, concerned.

"Are you okay?" Gary asked, "If you need the bathroom it's right over there." he pointed toward the door behind the table where Rose, Blaze and Johnny got their first pokemon. Lucas just shook his head.

"No I'm okay. Just got a chill all of a sudden..." He stared at the abra again and felt another chill. "I think it has something to do with the abra."

"Well I'll have Rick take a look at it. Maybe he can reveal a few things about our mysterious friend here. Ah! Speak of the devil!" Gary said, spotting Rick as he walked into the lab from the back. Gary signalled for him to come over. Walking over to the desk, Rick immediately noticed the abra and stared at it in awe.

"What kind of-" Rick started, but Gary cut him off. "That was what I was going to ask you to find out for us. This abra hatched from the egg that Lucas found yesterday. I've never seen such a drastic change in a pokemon's appearance before and I was hoping that maybe you would be able to find out a thing or two." Although he tried to look serious, excitement still showed in Rick's face as he gently picked up the abra and took it over to the clinic on the second floor. Concern shot across Lucas's face.

"He's not going to do any wierd experiments on it is he?" he asked Gary, who shook his head with a grin.

"No, he's just going to give it a check-up. You see, Rick used to be a breeder like your mother before he came to work for me. Of course, he still handles the eggs that are found in the habitats. The only thing that he's going to do is draw a little blood to see if it's healthy, check the gender, stuff like that. Nothing to worry about." Gary said calmly, soothing Lucas's worry. "Well, since you're here, we might as well get started on your pokedex design. I'll call Leanne too so you two can meet and design your pokedexes together." he said, pulling out his cell phone.

For about thirty seconds, only Umbreon's purring could be heard. Finally the professor's voice broke the silence, "Hey Leanne. Come on over to the lab... No we're doing it today instead since Lucas is already here... I don't know, they're your clothes, not mine. Just pick something and come on over. All we're doing is designing your Pokedexes... Okay we're at my desk... Bye." Once he hung up, he sighed, "As if I know anything about women's fashion." He said, chuckling.

About ten minutes later, a girl walked into the lab dressed in a blue skirt and white t-shirt, her long brown hair was tied in a ponytail with a blue ribbon and she was maybe an inch shorter than Lucas. As she walked over to the desk, she stopped next to Lucas, "Hi! I'm Leanne! Nice to officially meet you!" She said in a cute and bubbly manner as she held her hand out. As Lucas stood up and shook her hand, he introduced himself to her and then they both sat down.

"Okay then, now that the both of you are here..." Gary said, digging through one of the drawers in his desk and pulling out what looked like a sketch pad and a pencil. "Let's get started."

For about an hour, they worked on Leanne's design: a person who looked like a jolteon playing the guitar, behind him was a girl that resembled a vaporeon was playing the drums, and in the microphone next to the joteon guy was a girl that looked like a flareon singing into a microphone. Finally, when Lucas suggested musical notes floating around them, it was finished. It did look pretty cool and the notes gave it just the right touch that made it seem like the image would come to life and perform for them personally. Gary carefully tore the page out of the sketchbook and put it into the fax machine next to his computer.

"Okay, I sent it. I'll have it ready for you when you start your journey." Gary told Leanne, whose attention was fixated on the clinic door upstairs ever since Rick swore loudly a minute ago. "Don't worry, he probably hit his head on the shelf in there again. Anyway, your turn Luke."

"I don't know what I want yet Professor... I need a minute to think." Gary nodded and asked Leanne to acompany him into the kitchen to help prepare lunch. Luke was about to join them when Gary insisted that he stay and think about his design. No matter how hard he tried, however, he couldn't think of anything that really clicked with him. Even as they ate some chicken salad sandwiches and started to help him brainstorm ideas, he still couldn't decide.

Suddenly there was a knock at the door.

"Come in, it's open." Gary said. The door slowly opened and a Pikachu came rushing in, causing Umbreon to jump off of Gary's lap and start playing with it. Once the door was fully opened, a tall man with shoulder-length shaggy black hair and brown eyes, wearing a long blue coat that trailed to his ankles with a white t-shirt underneath, jeans and black boots walked into the lab and over to the desk

"How've you been Gary? Long time no see." The stranger said, smiling as he embraced Gary in a one armed hug. "What's it been, seventeen years now? Damn you're even getting gray hair like your gramps!" he laughed. Gary laughed in return.

"Nah, it's more of a silver color. Makes me look destinguished. When are you going to stop dying your hair to hide all the gray YOU have?" Gary teased.

"What?! This is all natural!" the stranger replied, rubbing a hand through his hair. "Still a ball-buster I see. Glad to see you haven't changed much."

"Likewise Ashey-boy! You need to visit more often." Gary replied. "Just because you're a master trainer now doesn't mean you can't come to visit us every once in a while. At the mention of the name Ashey-boy, Lucas's jaw just dropped. Right in front of him, in the very same room as him, was one of Pallet Town's finest pokemon trainers and his idol; Ash Ketchum.

*046*2014-01-14 03:15

I have considered it, however I DID promise that the next X Chapter would be Moonlight's idea. I am open to any other scenarios that take place afterward. Sorry for the inconvenience.

*048*2014-01-14 03:45

OH! lol sorry. I might consider it, if I can find a way to make it flow into the story a bit. I consider the X Chapters side stories that actually flow with the original story. If I can fit one in there, I will definitely post one, however this one will be tough...
