The Piss Tax

Author: bes31

*000*2015-11-25 21:34

This is going to be an ongoing story, I don't know how common the chapters are going to be, but if you enjoyed if, please feel free to comment compliments, critiques or suggestions about the story. The arc is still up in the air so I would love to hear some thoughts on how the story should go with the characters.

Chapter 1:

Katie Lewis-Daniels adjusted the tight white blouse that had been trapping her for the last few hours. Never-ending discomfort was the name of her life, sitting on a stiff office chair, feeling her tights that she was wearing under her mini-dress were grinding upwards. If only she could simply stand and leave the dreadful square of space that was her cubicle, but she had not reason to. If she was not working, she was not earning credits, and lord knew, Katie Lewis-Daniels needed credits.

The woman frivilously typed into the large, multi-faceted computer that stood at her desk. Her thighs were agnoizingly sore, a product of sitting at the chair for nearly ten hours at this point. Her company, a far-too-large financial law-firm always had paperwork that needed to be done, typed up, and sent to another place so they can give it to a secretary to pain-stakingly do. Any time she would near the end of her pile, her section leader, a handsome, but devilish man named Mr. Brooks would walk over, attempt a few words of small-talk with the woman and then hand her another pile of manila folders. Only when Mr. Brooks back was turnt did she collapse onto the folders, throwing a sort of fit.

Never-ending, Katie couldn't even remember the last time she participated in work, or sleep. Anything else seemed pointless and unnecessary to her right now, her credits were lower than ever, since her useless College degree was taking money out of the account any chance they could, and suddenly, credits had become a much more needed amenity.

She finished another manila folder, placing it on the complete part of her desk, maybe if she worked very slowly, Mr. Brooks would never plop more folders onto her, showing how endless this job actually was. She continued to work, though, as that was pointless, and a waste of time. Besides, she knew how she was paid, every time a folder was completed, a file was entered or any sign of work being done, Katie would hear a ring from her phone, showing that five more credits had been added to her account. She had better use them, though, as College was still needing 100,000 of those.

100,000 divided by 5 credites, Katie thought to herself. 20,000, a file takes around 3 minutes, that 60,000 minutes, which is 1,000 hours of work just to pay off her College, and then, Kate had to pay for rent, amenities, public services, her private life. Well, she thought, she couldn't stop now. Though she had been working for 10 hours, the windows outside were showcasing her city in a bright yellow, hue, as if it was day. That was a window trick, it was actually 8:00 at night, and if she were to ponder outside, she would see barely anything from the darkness. The windows were meant to trick people into not realizing time passing, not to beg to leave when it's 4:00. That didn't matter, no one didn't want to work, and instead just wanted to keep pushing through files, getting five credits.

A sudden rememberance by Katie led her to looking through her phone, she opened the app and saw the amount of credites to her name:

Katie Helmstein Lewis-Daniels:

12,310 Credits.

Knowing the College, she would never see 90% of those credits, and the remaining amount was not enough to justify not working, even if the times were becoming an amazingly late, everyone worked overtime because there was no reason not to work when you could make five credits by filling out a manila folder. Of course there are side-effects to this, such as Katie's body feeling sore needs of working for ten hour stretches. Her stomach was empty, which was okay as she tried to keep her slim waist, her throat was ratched with thirst, her mistake, forgetting the water bottle at home, her legs were cramped, which was understandable, even when she had to stand she was in high heels, and her bladder was full, which was a common problem. None of these problems really mattered to Katie, as she could handle discomfort better than most.

The doors to the office swung open, meaning either somebody left or somebody came in. The work was not dificult, but it was busywork, and therefore it was normally dead silent inside the halls of the Secretaries. For this reason, Katie was able to observe things such as changes in temperature or doors swinging open better. This also allowed her to realize what was coming next, her favorite part of her day (sarcasm), the Interns.

She wished she didn't have to deal with interns and instead simply deal with her paperwork alone, but she was an intern once, and she learned her ways from another annoyed worker, so it was unfair to not allow the same deal of experience to the next crop of workers. Besides, she had reached a miracle, all of her files were finished, and Mr. Brooks had yet to pour some on her desk.

Katie turned and looked towards her intern, of which she could spot easily out of a crowd. The intern was named Mahoe Kokoa, but she went by Missy Kokoa. From her last name, Katie immediately could tell her Hawaiian descent, and her looks did not fail those expectations. Missy had luscious olive skin, long curly hair, and large eyes and lips, not demeaning to the fact that Missy was very pretty, actually extraordinarily pretty. Now, a lot of her prettiness came from the fact that she did not fear to show it off, she wore mini-skirts almost every day, ones that were not even close to company policy, when Katie asked her about it, she claimed that it was all she packed for the eight weeks, while stretching a pair down. I doubt she cared about company policy, but more about just how many stares Missy would get, her body was fully shown off in the small mini-skirts and her dress-blouses and blazer that she wore.

Missy would normally walk in with a stride, clicking and clacking on her high heels, but today was different, her shoulders were hanged down, her eyes facing the ground and her legs were slightly curved inwards.

"Evenin' Missy." Katie greeted, every intern was assigned one worker, and for the eight weeks of the internship program they meet three times a day, one in the morning, one at lunch and one at closing. While not doing that, the interns are carted away to work on their own projects. She remembered the eight week program, and how tired and exhausted she was at the end.

"Hey." Missy responded without her normal charisma. "Do you have any work to do?"

"No, I just finished, you can leave if you want."

"No, I got to stay until you leave."

"That might be a while."

"Okay." Her voice rang with a Hawaiian accent, sounding sweet on the ears. Katie could tell something was wrong, easily, and stared at Missy, searching for a clue.

"What's wrong, Missy?"

"Oh, nothing." But Katie had figured out the problem, something about how Missy's legs refused to be still, her bent over posture. Yeah, Missy had to pee, an understandble problem, in light of current events. You see, the year was 2021, and America had found itself in one Hell of a drough the last few years. Now, the world is not in jeopardy, but certain cogs of society are made a little harder, like paying for water even from the tap, the almost complete removal of high-pressure showers, and one other thing.

The Piss tax. The real name was the Plumbing tax, stating that to use public or private amenities, you must enter a small fee, usually five credits to be let inside the restroom. Five credits was not a lot of money (credits and the old US dollars are almost completely equal in value), but the cost was still detrimental to many people and their bathroom habits. Scenarios like Missy are possible, a girl left with zero way of accessing a restroom because of the Piss Tax.

Poor girl, Katie thought to herself, she could have been holding all day with no access. Katie was tempted to ask her if she had been able to use the amenities, but refused out of social gesture, she wasn't going to put her in the spotlight. Instead she was silent, watching as Missy grabbed a nearby stool and sat next to Katie, she was quivering in her high heels, holding down her crotch.

Right at the moment where Katie finally could relax, though, Mr. Brooks came out of the room with a stack of folders and a trajectory right towards Katie. She gulped and warned Missy.

"Here comes some more. Half and half, alright?"

"Yeah, sure." She muttered. As expected, Mr. Brooks came over.

"Got some more." He grinned through his teeth, a tad creepy but overall normal charm.

"Only thing I love in this world."

"Hello, Missy!"

"Hello."

"Well, this is probably going to be the last stack of the night, so don't waste too much time."

"You got it, boss."

"Good."

Katie observes the stack , it is smaller than most, and the want to get home is nice, so the pair begin working on them side-by-side. Katie focuses on the files, but her mind is truly on Missy, it is no secret that she is absolutely bursting, her legs kicking out, riding up her mini-skirt, her hands holding down her crotch, she can even see small bits of liquid forming on the edge of the stool. And yet, Katie does nothing for the poor girl, waiting for her to beg. She considers this a business lesson, no one is going to help you, you must help yourself, and know that if she simply asked Katie for five credits so she doesn't burst, she would be happy to. There is also something mesmerizing about the process, about the desperation that has Katie hooked.

Five minutes into the new stack, Missy starts making small moans, her legs completely dancing around in absurd fashion. At this point, Katie realizes its time to make mention.

"If you're going to piss, please do it on the toilet and not on my desk."

"S...Sorry Ms. Lewis-Daniels." And she continues working, though her posture stiffens to stop any weakness from coming out. Small portions of Missy's desperation are hitting onto Katie's own full bladder, she doesn't show it, as she has had the experience to reject that urge until the last possible moment, and never look like Missy, losing control like that. It reminds her that a piss would feel good at this moment, but she could wait for hours upon hours, a product of working many long days just like this one.

"Tell me, Missy. Why are you so desperate?"

"I... I.... I drank a lot during lunch, I'm sorry Ms."

"Okay, well, when you finished with your last file, I'll take you to the restrooms." A key that she remembered from her own 8-weeks, they don't tell the interns where the restrooms actually are. Katie had a moment almost exactly like Missy's, where she was dancing up and down the cubicle, dying to know where the restrooms were and expell the liquid built up in her. It was easy for Katie to sympathetize with Missy, a sympathy that some of the recruits never receive.

When Missy made the file complete, she stood up on a limb. Her legs were crossed in a strong manner, showcasing just how close Missy was from losing control. From a good angle, you could see the crossed legs reveal a small portion of the white panties underneath her mini-skirt, as Katie could from sitting down. It took a bit longer for Katie, she hadn't stood in 11 hours, and her legs were weak as she gave weight behind them, but after a few seconds she got to her feet and began to walk.

"Follow me." She said to Missy, who briskly walked behind her, holding herself at every turn.

"So, when was the last time you peed."

"I... Last night, I believe. I used up all of my allotted credits."

"Foolish error."

"Yeah..."

Missy stopped for a second, and gave her body a tense squeeze.

"So you still haven't got any credits?"

"I... Oh, no." Missy became worried, tears welling up in her eyes. As she spoke, the reached the large bathroom. "Ms. Lewis-Daniels, I'm really sorry, but can I please... please... please use your credits. I swear it won't happen again."

"Trade Secret, dear." Katie spoke in a teacherly manner. "Don't be afraid to ask people for common courtesies." Katie pulled out her card and walked towards the door.

"Oh, thank you! Thank you!" Missy spoke loud enough the rest of the office could hear her.

"No problem." She swiped the card and the door swung open. Missy hobbled inside, and the door shut behind her. At this point, Katie finally had time to think about her own full bladder. It was certainly annoying and it certainly made its will known, she had her legs crossed, and she could see the bulge sticking out of her slim body.

But, on the other hand, she just paid for another to pee, and she didn't have all the money in the world. Maybe she could wait till tomorrow morning, and with that in mind, she grabbed her purse from her desk and walked out the front door, her bladder giving a strong scream of pain as it was refused relief.

As she walked out of the building, she glared over to the alley, where she spotted two interns, female, both in long work dresses and white blouses squatting in the alley. Though they were in the end, urine was rising all the way to the front of the alley, and she could hear the silent chatters of relief from the girl.

Good for them, Katie thought, they just saved five credits. Katie hopped into her car and began her nightly journey home.

*013*2015-11-29 04:57

Thank's for the kind words, this is already my highest voted post, which is kind of crazy.

Chapter 2:

Missy Kekoa sat down on the sleek art-deco toilet the law firm had outfitted the bathrooms with. It was slightly unusual, but not nearly for Missy not to run to it. She had done the running only moments before, huddled over, her right hand covering her about to burst bladder with a ferocious squeeze, her left hand was pulling down her mini-skirt and her silky panties in one swoop, so when she reached it she would immediately be able to lose control into the water. It was of ample time for her to undress, the bathrooms was massive, hosting a locker, multiple showers, sinks, a sauna, and luckily, no one other that Missy. Therefore she ran, her panties and skirt ripped off, revealing herself for any soul that was prowling around the corner, but luckily no one came.

When Missy reached the toilet, she gave a small dance as she lifted up the toilet seat, and felt a small bit of warm liquid escape. This was no surprise, it had been from her inflated bladder for the better part of the last two hours. There was so much leakage that she could see a stain encroaching on the white panties, she paid no mind, she had many other pairs of panties, though she didn’t know how many white ones. Instead, her mind focused on her bladder, and sitting on the toilet and letting out a gusher.

When she released, she gave out a joyous moan, one that signified that somehow Missy had survived the brutal day of holding without giving in, and got to experience relief. Missy had never experienced a day like this before, starting in the morning, where in the haze of last night’s drunken haze she had spent all of the saved up money that she had gotten from the internship so far. The morning after, she woke up with an already swollen bladder and zero credits, which meant zero bathrooms and zero relief.

Amazingly, Missy went on for eleven hours after moaning to herself about the fact that the bathroom was refused. She figured she could find a way later, quickly pulled on panties, the miniskirt she had worn the day before and a white blouse and went to work at the firm, dropping a small anti-hangover pill so she didn’t feel like absolute crap.

Missy had gone the first few hours of the day without allowing too much annoyance to her bladder. She could feel it, no doubt, its fullness openly ringing out in pain every once in awhile. In those moments, Missy would cross her legs and continue with her paperwork, keeping the smile on her face and happy thoughts spread along.

By four hours, Missy openly rejected the thoughts of water.

By five hours, Missy had to stop herself from grabbing her extremities and giving support.

By six hours, Missy couldn’t stop herself.

By seven hours, Missy was invited with some friends to have dinner. The friends all had to use the bathroom (and were refusing to do so, five dollars was a lot to broke college students) but none like Missy, she dragged along as they went to a Sushi place, Japanese. The food was wonderful, but Missy couldn’t focus, she had never needed to pee this badly, her bladder was cutting sharply into her stomach, its fullness crying in pain and even making the kidneys strain.

She wanted nothing more than to let go, release the pent up urine inside of her and feel the joy of not feeling this pain any longer. Instead, she got the opposite, a refusal to go, but also discussion on going.

“I’m going to go pee, I’ve been holding forever.” Kathleen Moringham spoke. She was another intern, a bright young girl who was of 20 years, though her body and face resembled that of a much younger person. As a stranger, you would assume that she was no older than 16, her only sign of visible maturity was her awkwardly dyed black hair, a choice that Missy always wished to correct, but never had the gall to do so. Kathleen was a companion, but not a friend of Missy, their only connection was the internship and that was probably going to be the only.

“You have the credits?” A man, aged 20 as well, his name was Levi Goldschmidt. He was very attractive man with sharp features, dark olive skin and curly black hair. He was easily the most attractive man in Missy’s circle of companions, but not the brightest.

“Uh... No. Just going to go in the alley.” Some of the people at the table had their eyes open, amazed at the concept.

“Really?” Caia Hoo this time, Caia was a 21 Asian girl with surprising proportions and the confidence to show it off. Unfortunately, her confidence came with a moralistic tendency that annoyed many, including Missy at some points.

“Yeah.” Kathleen raised her eyebrows, confused by the opposition. Missy was the only one at table that wasn’t devoted into the conversation. She was too annoyed with her own desperation.

“I’ll go with you, Kathleen.” The final member spoke, Darian Schmidt, a 19 year old girl who might be the most attractive. Darian was surprisingly tall, enough to be a great Volleyball player, with the ass and tits of a Volleyball player as well. Yet, Darian was not a leader, but a follower, and it was unsurprising to Missy that she would follow.

“But, it’s illegal?” Caia exclaimed.

“Yeah, no shit. But if you tell me that I have to pay 15 credits a day to go three times, not unlimited, three times. And then, you tell me that our bosses pay us the amazing wage of 60 credits a day, maybe I’m going to not pay as much.” It was a fair point, and Kathleen delivered it with rigor.

“I’ll go too. I haven’t peed in like a day.” Missy finally spoke up, everyone could tell that Missy was bursting from head to toe, but no one wanted to mention it. It was a surprising change of course, the normalcy of desperation had removed its social taboo, to see someone desperate was simply common.

“You, Caia?”

“No!!!”

“Levi?”

“I’m good, thanks though.” And with that, the three girls exited through the side and entered into a dirty alley. Kathleen, Darian and Missy examined the situation, all in a hurry due to their desperate need for a piss.

“There’s a dumpster, we can squat behind.” Darian pointed out and Kathleen nodded, both girls were in obvious need to go. Kathleen was in a longer skirt that flowed on the moderate day, her legs were crossed and her actions were nervy. As for Darian, she was in pants, but she would slowly bob up and down and bite her lip. Neither were close to the intense need Missy had, but she refused to acknowledge it, Missy held it to herself, not letting her companions know of her desperate need.

“Alright, me and Darian will go, Missy watch for anyone else, alright?” Missy nodded, and looked around the corner. To be perfectly honest, Missy was a bit nervous, she had not done such an action in a very long time, ages ago to be exact. A few years back was when she came the closest to something like this.

When Missy was living in Hawaii, she lived in a moderately wealthy family in a fairly small house directly on the ocean and the beach. It was absolutely beautiful and desolate, a massive stretch of beach strictly for the Kekoa's and any person that happened to discover the little stretch of desolate beach. When the Piss Tax was implemented, the reaction to the ruling was one of opposition and refusal, and in result, the plumbing to the Kekoa house was turned off, leaving them without running water or a bathroom.

Life became a bit more odd after that, and without going into the more disgusting of details, Missy was able to find most of her relief through the nearby ocean. Most days, Missy would hold herself all throughout the school day, walking around in a floral dress with a hand clutching at her dress. At the end of the day she would take an hour long journey back to her home, a very stressful time that required a lot of holding and a lot of willpower. On days like these, she would sprint to her home, quickly drop off her backpack and rush to the ocean, where she would reach waist deep before letting go, letting relief warm over her. Some days she didn’t even bother to fiddle with her clothes, letting them get wet by the ocean. When she was finished, she walked back to her home, took off the wet clothes and began another night of relaxation.

This mostly was acceptable unless friends were over. When those unfortunate times happened, she would invite her friend into the ocean, where she would stand alone, letting go after a few minutes more of holding. If her friend refused and then needed the bathroom at some point, she would tell the friend of the lack of bathroom because of the Piss Tax and offer the ocean, or a bottle for their troubles.

Oh, Missy thought to herself. College really made things better. At college, her dormitories bathrooms were paid through her exorbitant rent, allowing her to pee freely whenever she wanted, making her forget the pain of holding all day as she used to. But now, Missy was back to holding, and watching her two friends squat behind a dumpster.

“Ohhh!” Darian cried out, and Missy turned to her. She was comfortably squatting, her arms to her side, her pants down to her ankle, and her trimmed vagina hanging out expelling liquid. The act of peeing made Missy’s knees slightly buckle, her hand reaching down to prevent more loss of control. Missy also saw Kathleen squatting in the same position, though her stream wasn’t as strong.

“Please hurry up! I’m dying.” Missy claimed, she could feel the beginning of a loss of control, and wiggled around in her miniskirt to prevent this from being so. Darian nodded and increased her stream even more, the pressure being amazing.

Yet, it wasn’t meant to be so. Missy heard a large clank of the door opened, and the three girls hearts sank. It was the owner of the restaurant, an older Japanese woman holding a broomstick.

“No wetting! Go!” The woman treated the girls like vermin, in nerves Kathleen and Darian’s streams stopped, pulling up their respective bottoms and getting into prime form. Missy gave an angry moan, she had missed her opportunity for a second of relief, and she could already feel the first bit of piss come into her panties, she crossed her legs so she didn’t let go.

“We’re sorry.”

You pay five!” The woman exclaimed.

“Um...” Kathleen wiggled around for her phone, opening an app. “We don’t have any credits, that’s why we were going out back.”

“You pay five!” The women wasn’t going to listen. Missy looked at Levi and Caia staring from the table.

“We can’t, we’re sorry.” Darian tried to reason.

“Then you leave.” The group looked down, and realized that they were not going to be getting lunch at this Sushi place now, or anytime in the future. The group left in a huff. Levi and Caia expressed worries and various “Told-you-so” moments, Kathleen and Darian were mostly relieved, though they felt the remaining liquid still splashing around inside of her, and Missy still felt like she was going to burst.

By eight hours Missy had come back to the office, lunch had been a disaster which meant the pangs of hunger were not going to be answered. Instead, she began working again, still nursing the bursting bladder.

By nine hours Missy had lost her ability to have a happy demeanor and her smile. She stared with a nervous anger, an ability to focus on anything beyond how badly her bladder hurt. When no one was watching, Missy was slowly crawling through the halls, searching for a possible restroom, or at least, maybe a place to pee with the comfort of not being caught. The search was fruitless, every room had at least one person, normally giving a worried gaze to the poor girl, wondering why she was bent over and giving moans.

By ten hours, the bevy of interns were led into a small elevator, giving a brutal squeeze. A few of the companions from earlier gave worried looks to Missy, they had to assume that she never got to pee and viewed her still holding as a sign of torture. That said, most people weren’t sympathetic, as nearly everybody had at least a full bladder.

By eleven hours, Missy was sitting on a toilet because of her boss, Katie Lewis-Daniels’ good grace, she gave out a tear as she reflected on how miserable the day had been. She must have been on the toilet for three minutes, amazed by how she was able to hold it. Maybe she was better at this than even she realized.

“No...no...no” A voice interrupted Missy retrospection. That was okay, Missy stood up, her bladder empty for the first time in a while and walked toward the voice. It sounded like someone she knew. She pulled up her miniskirt and walked in short steps, trying not to tip the person in the other room.

“No, this can’t be happening.” The voice continued with a tone of denial. Missy slowly walked around the corner to the noise.

“Missy, oh no!” Missy looked forward, it was Caia Hoo, she was standing in the middle of the locker room, her legs bent inward, her dress ridden up, and most fugitive, a massive puddle all around her quivering body.

“Caia, are you...?”

“No! I’m not okay, jeez, I Pissed Myself. Please don’t tell anybody, alright? Please!?”

“Yes, of course.”

“Okay. God this is so embarrassing!” Caia continued to complain, tears beginning to roll down her cheeks. “Missy, please help me?” Missy could only smirk, thinking of Caia obstinence to the concept of the alley earlier, and watching her burst now after such righteous behavior. But then again, she only didn’t have an accident because of another person’s good will, so maybe she should spread the love.

“Yeah, sure. I’ll help you.”

*017*2015-12-03 04:51

By the way, I am planning to introduce a lot of characters in this series, but the roles of the characters are pretty flexible. If there is a character you want to see more, give a reply and I'll definitely consider it.

Chapter 3:

Katie Lewis-Daniels felt a sort of angelic presence due to her earlier good deed, she felt as if she had finally become moral, become one of the good guys. She was almost entirely celebrating, that is, except for her bladder, it pounded harder than ever. She was not afraid of the bladder, as it was stupid to be, she had held double the amount due to earlier incompetence, and she was never worried of a slight tug by the vessel, knowing she had the strength to endure more.

That all said, Katie didn’t not mind her full organ. She sat in the sole seat in her self-driving car, her legs wiggled into a tight posture and her hips were pulled back so she could maintain control over herself. Every time she wished that her soreness could be relieved, she thought to the poor face of Missy Kekoa, begging her hearts out for relief she was dying to receive. That was the type of desperation that if faced, Katie would have ran into the toilets without a care for her polynesian trainee.

“One call from Melissa.” The car spoke, slowly and mechanically. Melissa was a very good friend that knew that the day was Friday, and also knew that Katie had time on her hands.

“Call back.” Katie responded.

“Hey sweetheart.” Melissa responded immediately, she was probably in her car receiving the notification of her call being noticed. Her full name was Melissa Kamp, she was a year older than Katie, though she didn’t look the part. Instead, Melissa looked nearly twenty, an aggressively thin body, ivory skin and puffy afro-esque black hair. Katie would normally claim to Melissa that she could be a model, with her clear skin and her long legs that intimidated any man.

“Hey. What’s going on?”

“Remember. We are going to Club 33, Piss Tax Night.” Katie nodded, but had completely forgotten about the arrangements. She thought to her poor bladder, a good coincidence. Club 33 was one of most popular nightclubs in the city, and as for the name of the night, people got in by showcasing a full bladder, and people got out in dying need of a toilet or at least, a need for dry clothes.

“I know, have you been tending to it?” Katie responded.

“Girlfriend, I haven’t peed since this morning.”

“Same here. I’m going to route my car to go there now, I’ll see you.”

“You too.” Katie turned off the phone in slight dismay, she wanted a quiet night today, not a night of horrid club music, alcohol and whatever jerk she was going to hit up.

Either way, fifteen minutes later Katie arrived at Club 33, it was a massive pyramidal building jammed straight in the middle of the cities night quarters, next to a whorehouse and an old liquor store. Nearby it was packed with men and women near Katie’s age, all in revealing clothes, all obviously in need of relief. It was a used opportunity, as long as you are consuming drinks and not peeing, the drinks are free. The catch, there are toilets at Club 33, but they cost the price of the drinks that you have drank.

If you pee inside the club you get the same payment. the concept behind the club was supposedly that there was more sexual enjoyment when on the brink of exploding, maybe that was true, thought Katie, but mostly she felt discomfort. Science like that came from the culture of the Piss Tax, when desperation became common, when people sometimes only used the toilet once a day or so, the culture of desperation became common, or to some, romantic. On the other hand, the concept of an accident showed weakness. Small changes in society like this seemed to dictate a lot more than anyone expected with a simple tax law.

Katie exited out of her car, which went out to park itself, and was immediately greeted by Melissa, who gave her an affectionate hug, which pushed a little bit on Katie’s bladder, silently she moaned. Melissa was not as subtle. “Ooh! I should not have hugged you.” She stepped back and drove her legs inward. Melissa was dressed in a very small and very tight black dress with gold embroideries, compared to Katie she looked fabulous, that said Katie was one of the worst dressed people here, but she didn’t mind. On the outside of the dress, Katie could see Melissa’s full bladder sticking out, poking its way out from inside her body, it was massive, much more massive than how it normally looks.

“Are you sure you’ll be okay?” Kate asked, slightly worried, she kept her posture together.

“I’ll be fine.” After seeing Missy earlier, Katie wasn’t so sure.

“Good, cause I almost witnessed one accident today and don’t want to see another one.”

Katie closed the door and began walking to the club with Melissa, who walked a bit slower. “What happened?” Asked Melissa.

“Girl who is my intern, she didn’t have access to a toilet all day and she almost burst, if it wasn’t for me opening the door for you.”

“Nice job being so kind.” Melissa talked as they watched two people in front of them. A very beautiful hispanic lady in a gratuitous mini-skirt and her boyfriend, some tall hunk of a man. Both of them had obviously gone a little too far into this Piss Tax. Melissa and Katie both knew what was going to happen, and like excited attendees, watched silently.

“I can’t hold it, babe! I can’t hold it!” The hunk screamed, his hands fully tucked around his penis.

“Oh God! Me Too!” The girl responded, she fell to the ground, moaning in stinging pain before a puddle of yellow liquid engulfed her. Soon the Hunk followed, yellow liquid flowing from his jeans. The crowd gasped and muttered, but Katie and Melissa had seen it before, and if they thought that was bad, they hadn’t seen anything yet.

“Get out of the line!” The bouncer yelled at the chick and the hunk who slinked away in silent embarrassment. Katie and Melissa went to this night nearly every month, and every time they see their collection of raunchy desperation. Hell, Katie looked in front of her now, a young girl, maybe part of a sorority dancing around, she was wearing a white dress which gave a splattering of yellow stains on it. Mistake.

“You can’t go in!” The bouncer told the girl, who stared at him in disbelief. “You got Piss stains all over.” The rest of the sorority moved on without the girl, who gave the bouncer some strong curse words and then approached an alley to let out her mistaken urine. Finally, it was Melissa and Katie’s turn.

“You trying to come into the club in that?” The bouncer asked Katie, who shrugged it off.

“No, I’m coming in the club with this.” She pulled up her dress shirt and revealed her swollen and pained bladder.

“Oh yeah, go ahead.” Melissa followed, though he could see the bulge through her dress. Inside was the truly fun part, it was chaos, a desperation charged field of complete and utter chaos, with a coat of urine on the floor. As soon as they walked in they saw a man wetting on a wall, ready to be beat up by some security guy who saw him, a girl huddled in the corner, squeezing down with all of her might to not lose her control. The dance floor was less focused than most, you look at one person you could see the pain in their eyes.

Melissa and Katie knew their place, though, neither were dancers, they were more of the bar-type, so they went to the bar immediately, skipping the pleasantries. Helming the bar was a new worker, a skinny girl in a party-dress, rimmed glasses, and a face showing her general stress. Melissa and Katie approached her at the mostly full bar.

“Can we get two shots of rum.” A starting dish, Katie tried to talk over the music.

“What?” The girl responded.

“TWO SHOTS OF RUM!” Melissa followed suit and the girl nodded. Katie watched her struggle with the beverages, her head was sticking down, her knees were awkwardly bent, and her party-dress was lifting itself, revealing pink-laced panties.

“Here you go.” Two shots of rum were presented, which Melissa and Katie quickly drank, observing over the bitter taste.

“Hey girl.” Melissa turned her head to some sleazebag sitting at the bar making gestures to her, his eyebrows raised and his pants were soaked. Melissa nodded and tried to reject the man soundly, Melissa turned to the girl at the bar.

“Are you new?” Katie asked.

“Yeah this is my second week.”

“I thought so, I’ve never seen you before.”

“Do you come here often?”

“Fairly.”

“That’s nice.”

“What’s your name.”

“Krisha McQuerris.” Katie smiled at the name.

“Krisha, I like it.”

“Thanks, yours?”

“Katie Lewis-Daniels.”

“Really, I don’t think so.” Melissa responded to the man and his plan for raunchy sex. “Besides, you shouldn’t be here, you obviously wet yourself.”

“What, come on!? Just a spurt, I’m strong.”

“Yeah sure you are.”

“It was cheap labor that I found, needed something when I moved here.”

“You don’t seem like a bartender.”

“I’ll take that as a compliment. I do enjoy it, I just never knew about… You know.”

“Piss Tax Days?”

“Yeah. I can’t tell people this, supposedly, but I’m Dying!” Krisha crossed her legs in a sign of sympathy.

“I could tell. Luckily, everyone here is.”

“Yeah, I can imagine.”

A man walks up, a tall handsome man, a few years younger than Katie.

“Bartender. Vodka Spritzer for me and an Appletini for this lady right here.” The man points to Katie.

“I’ll take the appletini, but I won’t take a dance.”

“That’s a shame, because that was exactly what I was about to ask you for.” Katie rolls her eyes, only to make eye contact with Krisha, who is giving a slight giggle as she creates an appletini.

“Let’s compromise, buddy.” Katie responds. “Melissa!” Her friend turns around, her face visibly annoyed from the sleaze-bag. “Friend over here wants a dance.” The man smiles at Katie’s visibly more attractive friend.

“Don’t mind if I do.” Melissa stands, her bladder visibly gushing from the movement. To Katie alone she mouthed Thank You Katie winked and smiled, and turned her attention to the bar-girl again.

###

Melissa was never one for a dance floor, but she was one for attractive men taking her to dance floors. She followed the man to the outskirts of it, up close it was as much of a mess, you could hear the unfortunate gushing of liquid underneath your shoes (pro-tip: Never wear heels to piss-tax night, unless you want to become piss-soaked and break a bone.)

“What’s your name?” The man asked Melissa as they began dancing to the euro-trash song dangling on the speakers.

“Melissa. You?”

“Douglas.” He smiled with chagrin, he was very attractive.

“Alright, Doug…” They begin to grind the euro-house music in the background, Melissa could feel the bulge of Douglas’ bladder on her thigh. “The real question, how badly do you need to pee?”

“Fairly.” Douglas grabbed the hips of Melissa, feeling the tug of the cloth dress. “How about you?”

“Fairly.” Melissa jokingly responds as she feels Douglas’ hand slowly encroach her full bladder. The feeling of a slight pressure makes her wiggle and slightly moan.

“A little more than fairly.” Douglas begins to massage it, through the pain was excruciating, Melissa did not wiggle out of Douglas’ embrace, instead she rammed her hips right into Douglas’ bladder. “Ooh!” He moans, letting go for a moment. “Oh, you’re a naughty girl.”

“Get what you give baby.” With that, Melissa could feel her blood pressure rise, her hormones crying out and her bladder screaming. It didn’t help that Melissa saw Douglas prod into her bladder, a strong poke. Another moan, but now seemingly sexual. Another hip thrust by Melissa.

“You’re peeing first.” Douglas cried out, bent over from the force. It had quickly become a sexual game, extraordinary, since the two had known about the other for only around 3 minutes.

“No way.” It was then that Douglas squeezed with all of his might on the poor bladder of Melissa. She gave out of a hearty shrill, her body immediately freezing up. Every ounce of pressure inside Melissa’s body was to keep her urethra shut. For a split second she thought she lost it, she felt her knees buckle and almost reach the ground, but by her own will, nothing came out. She turned to Douglas, whose eyes showed shock. “You like that?” Melissa whispered as she slowly encroached on Douglas and gave a thorough kiss.

The kiss was a ruse though, while affectionate and romantic, as she did it she found his bladder by her hands and gave as strong of a squeeze. “Ehhh!” Douglas backed off and bent forward, his suede pants were now wet. He looked up to Melissa, who crossed her legs and gave a hearty shrug to Douglas.

“Get what you give baby.” And she walked off, leaving Douglas to fend with his released bladder and a bouncer telling him to leave the premises. Melissa rejoined Katie.

“I hate flirts.” Melissa talked to Katie, who stared and laughed. She was nearing the end of the appletini.

“What did you do to him?” Katie wondered.

“He began poking my bladder, and I responded. And now he got kicked out.”

“Hah!” Katie cried out in laughter. “I don’t know how much I am going to stay here, this girl, the bartender, she’s getting off and she invited me over.”

“You into girls now?”

“I’ve always been bisexual, Melissa.”

“First time I’ve heard of it.”

“The question is whether she is.” Katie pointed to Krisha, she was talking to a very large man who was supposedly the owner of the club, her eyes were emulating a puppy, and her legs were restless showing how truly desperate she was. Katie was surprised by how sexy Krisha was, something about petite girls, maybe. Katie shifted her legs to prevent any accidents, and bit her lip, thinking about tonight.

“Well, I’m going to get going as well, this party is a bit lame today.” Melissa claimed. “Also, I feel like I’m going to burst from every corner imaginable.” Katie listened but the words didn’t register, she was staring at Krisha, who received a nod from her boss, and was rushing back.

“I got off, let’s go.” Krisha said to Katie, who immediately stood, not focusing on her distended bladder.

“See ya later, honey.” Katie said to Melissa, who nodded back. It had only been ten minutes, but Katie had found a way to seduce that girl, Melissa shrugged and drank the last bits of the appletini, waiting for the next asshole to come up and think they have a chance.

###

“I really like you, Katie.” Krisha spoke, her speaking was quick and nervous, but affectionate.

“I like you too.” Katie responded. They were holding hands.

“I don’t normally make friends that quickly.”

“Me too.” They quickly were walking to the side exit to the alley. Katie had trouble discerning the situation, she understood her own urges, but failed to understand Krisha. What if this girl was strictly friends with Katie, if she had no romantic feelings. If this was the case, tonight might become awkward.

They reached the alley, hands together, but Krisha was beginning to become distressed. She was a petite girl, and petite girls did not have the bladder capacity that most people had. This was the case, and suddenly, intense desperation became a battle of not giving. She stopped at the edge of the club.

“What is it?” Katie asked, but she knew. Krisha gasped and unclasped hands with Katie, both hands reaching her body.

“Ahh!” Krisha bent over, her knees twisted, her face the brightest shade of red. “Nooo. Nooo.” Krisha was beginning to cry, tears spouting randomly. Katie decided to help.

“It’s okay.” She assured as she lifted the party-dress, revealing fully the pink-laced panties. “Let go.”

“I’ve never… It’s against the law.”

“It’s okay, this is an accident, not urination for urination. Just relax and let go.” And with that, a dampness began to appear, Krisha ducked down, her skin turning white with dread. Katie tried to smile, but all she could feel was the deepest pangs of her own bladder. She had forgotten about its pain, she hadn’t peed since morning and it was nearing midnight, it was beginning to feel tension in the kidneys. Katie attempted to hold back, but the pressure was too much. Katie’s own skin became white.

“Oh…” Katie leaned backwards slightly. “Oh dear.”

“Are you peeing too!?” Krisha asked, laughing through her tears.

“Yeah, yeah I am.” Both of them laughed at the stupidity of their situation. Katie’s piss was very long, nearly two minutes, full of moans of relief by Katie and looks of amazement by Krisha. After the last bit trickled out, the pair stood together and looked each other in the eye.

“You know, I’ve never really done…” Krisha spoke, but was quickly interrupted by Katie, who smacked her lips long and hard on Krisha's.

“Let’s have fun.” Katie muttered and walked out with Krisha in hand.

