[Shota/Yaoi] A Date

Author: Ritsuka

*000*2011-11-19 04:20

Yay! I wrote a fic! Back to my home-base of Male Omorashi, I decided to now highlight my extreme Shotarou Complex! (In other words, I'm a huge fawking shotacon.) Anyway, here's the full list of warnings. o-o

WARNING, THE FOLLOWING FICTIONAL STORY CONTAINS: Young boys (Shotacon), Male omorashi, Yaoi, Underage consumption of alcohol, vomit (mild). If ANY of these things bother you, DO NOT READ THIS STORY. You were warned.

This story contains some Mandarin phrases. Translations in [[brackets]].

###

Jing gulped staring at himself in the mirror. His mother thought he was going out with his friends and staying at his friend, Liu's house for the night. But, that was a lie. He was going on a date...with a boy. Liu would cover for him, the two had been friends for years. Though Jing still felt bad about asking so much of his dear friend.

As Jing took a long look at himself in the mirror, he started to feel that maybe going on this date wasn't such a great idea. Standing only five feet tall and weighing only one hundred and ten pounds he couldn't do much in the event that his date, Luca, tried anything funny. Luca towered over Jing and being sixteen, could easily beat Jing with life experience alone.

"What would a sixteen year-old even want with a twelve year-old?" Liu had said disgustedly, "He probably just wants to drug and rape you."

Jing shuddered, Liu had a point. Jing fell into the categories: innocent, inexperienced, and naive. An older boy like Luca probably wanted something fishy from him.

We're just going out for ice cream... Jing thought to himself quietly trying to calm his nerves, Nothing fishy will happen.

After quickly loosening his tie, Jing headed out into the kitchen where his aunt was going through his over night bag.

"I don't like that boy, Liu," She said plainly, "Having boys sleep over all the time, is he a faggot?"

"Quit being so feudal[1], Lanfen," Jing's mother said from behind the stove, "I think that Liu is a very nice boy."

Oh mother, how wrong you are... Jing thought to himself guiltily. On one hand, he and Liu were lying to his mother... on the other, this date was a once in a life time chance.

"Feudal? Mei, love, I have not yet suggested a wife for Jing-Sheng, that would be feudal," Jing's aunt said standing up and walking over to her sister, "I just think you let little Jing go out carousing too much. When I was a young girl--"

Jing took that as his signal to pull on his sneakers, nod his good-bye to his mother, and run out the door. Whenever anything his aunt didn't particularly like happened, she went off on a "when I was young" speech.

As he walked down the street, bag in hand, toward the ice cream parlour he thought of all the possible catastrophic ends that this date could possibly have. He was still deep in thought as a pair of arms wrapped around his shoulders.

"What's a cutie like you doing out alone?" Luca's voice jolted Jing out of his thoughts.

"L-Luca..!" Jing stammered jumping away from the older boy, his face red.

"That's my name, don't wear it out," Luca said and winked at Jing who recoiled a bit.

"S-So what're we doing?" Jing asked trying desperately to change the subject.

"What's the bag for?" Luca asked brushing his brown hair out of his face.

"My mom thinks I'm staying at my friend's house," Jing mumbled.

"Well you can stay at my house instead," Luca said and reached out to touch Jing's face. Jing dodged his hand and stared him in the face angrily.

"...!"

"Not ready for physical contact?" Luca asked, Jing nodded ashamed, "I respect that, you have high standards."

"C-Can we just get ice cream now?" Jing stammered trying to get off the subject of his innocence.

"As you wish, lovely, can I at least hold your bag?" Luca asked holding out his hand. Jing handed the bag to him blushing furiously, "Let's go~!" Luca exclaimed urging the smaller boy into the restaurant.

Jing looked around the bright room half dazed. He read the menu and gently tugged at Luca's sleeve.

"What's 'Kahlua Ice Cream'?" He asked softly pointing to the sign on the wall.

"Oh, it's a special ice cream I guess, I'm not really sure," Luca said staring away from Jing's curious eyes, "Why, did you want to try it?"

"I'm just curious, honest!" Jing squealed defensively, Luca laughed softly and ruffled his hair.

"If you really want to try it, I'll get it for you," Luca said, a dark glint in his eyes. Jing nodded softly, "Alright, go find us a table then."

"Okay!" Jing ran off to find a clean table to sit at. He found one, finally, and sat down brushing the crumbs from the table. After a what seemed like an eternity, Luca came over and set a small dish of ice cream in front of him. Jing picked up the spoon and put it in his mouth.

"Like it?" Luca asked inquisitively, Jing nodded, he obviously had no idea he was consuming copious amounts of alcohol for his small body.

Luca slowly picked at his ice cream more interested in watching the tiny Asian in front of him get himself wasted. He noted that Jing's face was flushed and the boy looked a little bit woozy.

"Are you feeling okay?" Luca asked and tilted Jing's head up a bit. His eyes were blood shot and he seemed to be looking far away.

"I-I'm fiiiine!" Jing hiccuped. Luca frowned a little.

"Jing, what's your name?" Luca asked as he took the spoon and alcoholic ice cream from the young boy.

"Jiing-Sheenngg Chaaaangg.." Was the slurred response he got. Jing squirmed around in his seat wearing a dopey grin.

"Jing, what's my name?"

"L-Lucaaa Leeeee!" Jing squeaked then looked at Luca seriously, "Have I ever told you that you're fucking sexy?"

"Oi...that's the alcohol speaking, what's to your left right now?" Luca asked clearly concerned.

"The skyyyyy!" Jing squealed happily and threw his hands up. Luca felt the overwhelming urge to facepalm, but that would be: a. Highly inappropriate. b. Very insensitive.

"Jing, you're drunk," Luca said plainly, "Kahlua ice cream has alcohol in it."

"Wha-what?" Jing practically screamed and went to stand up and hit Luca, but the poor kid nearly fell the instant he tried to wind up for a punch.

"Jing, I'm sorry--"

"Qu nide!" [[Fuck you!]] Jing wailed drunkenly, "Ni qui si!" [[Go rot in hell!]]

"Duibuqi!" [[i'm sorry!]] Luca responded softly.

"Goushi!" [[bullshit!]] Jing slammed his hands on the table, wobbling. Luca reached out and held him steady.

"I should get you back home..." Luca mumbled, Jing shook his head and groaned.

"Woma can't see me like this...My aunt will go nuts..." He slurred in partial Chinese, leaning on Luca for support.

"Then we'll go to my house, your mom doesn't expect you home until tomorrow, right?" Luca asked rubbing Jing's back gently.

"Uhuh..." He muttered as Luca lead him out of the restaurant. He was walking strangely, more strangely than just "totally wasted" strange.

"Is something wrong?" Luca urged him as they walked down the street. Jing shook his head and groaned again.

"It hurts to say no..." He moaned, his face flushed with drunkness. He bounced around a little bit erratically, still clinging to Luca's arm for support.

"Are you sure nothing's wrong?" Luca asked holding him steady. Jing nodded, still bouncing around.

"Everything's just wonderful!" Jing giggled. Once again, there was that urge to facepalm. Jing continued to bounce around as they walked toward Luca's house.

"Hey, watch out for that--" Luca recoiled a bit as Jing hopped directly into a puddle, "Wei!" [[Hey, come here!/Hey, what do you think you're doing?]]

"B-But Lucaaaa...It's funnnn!" Jing sniffled walking around in the puddle.

"Like!" [[Do it now!]] Luca shouted and Jing walked over begrudgingly. Half way from the puddle to Luca, Jing stopped and crossed his legs.

"Lucaaaa--hic--I need to peeeee!" He moaned loudly.

"Well we'd already be home if you hadn't stopped to splash in that damned puddle," Luca sighed as the young boy held onto him. Luca patted his back as they started on their way again. Jing moaned every few minutes about how he needed to pee, crossing his legs and dancing around like an imbecile.

"Lucaaa--"

"Jing, bizui!" [[shut your mouth.]] Luca snapped and lifted the boy up with a groan.

"What're you doing...?" Jing groaned as Luca shifted him into a princess carry.

"Just be quiet, please, for five minutes," Luca mumbled.

"But Luca--"

"But nothing."

So the walk continued in silence. Luca carried Jing without much trouble, he was really light even if he was like a dead animal from alcohol consumption. Luca held Jing tightly to keep him from squirming out of his arms. Finally, Jing broke the silence.

"Lucaaaa...I'm gonna vomit!" Jing whimpered and Luca quickly put him down. Jing fell almost instantly and vomited up his ice cream. Luca held his hair back and kept him from falling into his own vomit. As Luca picked him up, he noticed that Jing's crotch was slightly wet. He started walking, trying to ignore the heat rushing to his vitals. Jing was squirming in Luca's arms and moaning softly, if he didn't know any better Luca might've thought he was enjoying it.

"You okay?" Luca asked walking a bit faster. Jing shook his head and whispered something about pee. Luca was about to ask what he said when he felt warm liquid splash onto his stomach. He slowed to a stop, still holding Jing tightly as the clear liquid splashed onto the two of them pooling underneath Luca's feet. Luca blushed deeply as the fabric of his pants clung to his member. Jing moaned and squirmed as the torrent splashed onto the pavement loudly. After a bit, the stream slowed and tapered off. Luca opened his mouth to say something but was interrupted by small sniffling sounds.

"I-I can't believe that just happened..." Jing sniffled quietly, tears running down his cheeks.

"Hey, calm down," Luca whispered, "It happens to all of us."

"I'm such a baby..." Jing cried quietly, Luca nuzzled him gently.

"Would it make you feel better if I wet myself too?" Luca asked quietly. Jing looked at him surpised and nodded slowly. Luca blushed and nodded in return then set Jing down on the ground.

"Will you really..?" Jing asked, his question was answered as Luca let loose a torrent of pale yellow urine. Jing blushed watching the liquid further soak the older boy's pants and mix with his own urine on the ground. It was, oddly enough to him, a rather attractive sight. Jing shook his head lightly, Luca sighed contentedly as the stream ran into his shoes and splashed on the pavement loudly. Luca's eyes were hazy with lust as the stream slowed to a stop. He gently nuzzled Jing as he picked him up again.

"Feel better?" He asked quietly.

"I-I can walk on my own!" Jing protested, "But yes...I didn't think you'd actually do it.."

"This is a secret," Luca said softly holding Jing close to him, "But I like to wet myself for fun."

Jing looked shocked as Luca began walking as if nothing ever happened. Luca smiled to himself silently, wondering if Jing would even remember what happened in the morning.

###

EXTENDED ENDING:

Jing groaned softly, his eyes fluttering open. Light filtered through the curtains making his head pound.

"Look who's awake," Luca laughed. Jing groaned and pulled the covers over his head, "How's that hang over?"

"What in the sane hell is a hang over?! Ow..." Jing whined as his pounding headache quickly turned into a migraine. Luca just laughed more. Jing shifted around trying to find a comfy spot.

"You sleep like the dead you know," Luca's voice came from above Jing, "You can come out now, I closed the blinds."

"Hnggh.." Jing whimpered softly and crawled out from under the covers, "I had the weirdest dream..."

"What was it about?" Luca asked curiously.

"I had a dream that I wet myself...and then you wet to make me feel better...isn't that wacky?" Jing said excitedly, Luca blushed and laughed.

"Totally, Jing. Totally."

"And you even told me, that you liked to wet for fun! Such a strange dream."

"Sounds odd, maybe you should skip dessert from now on," Luca muttered twirling his hair around his finger. He wasn't sure if he should be happy that Jing didn't remember, or be sad that he'd shared his secret with him and he couldn't remember.

"It was such a vivid dream too! It's like it really happened," Jing said curiously. Luca froze.

"Well, lucid dreams tend to be like that," He stammered quickly. Jing looked at him funny.

"...Wait when did I change...?" Jing asked suddenly realizing he was wearing Luca's boxers.

"Uhh...I can explain!"

###

[1] Feudal is a word used by Chinese people to describe people that are very old fashioned, Jing's aunt however rebukes this statement saying that she has not suggested an arranged marriage for Jing and therefore is not old fashioned at all.

###

BLEEH. Crappy fic is crappy. I'm not totally happy with Jing and Luca's characterization, I just kind threw them together as I was writing. But I might just polish their characters a bit and actually use them in the same way I use Joseph and Lenny. [Hahaha, remember them?] I decided to make Luca seem really creepy/bad news-y. But there's a little more back story on their relationship. So what do you think? Do you want more of Luca and Jing? I'm not sure if I want to go through the process of full characterization, but what do you guys think? Should I give them a shot?

