Short Wetting Scenarios

Author: ShadowPhantom

*000*2017-12-05 04:29

Hey everyone. I am posting this post as a place where I will create relatively short scenarios with wetting and stuff. This is for people who enjoy getting to the action rather than reading an entire story. All of these are entirely fictional and aren't actual experiences. Feel free to reply with your own short stories as well. Hope you enjoy. Lemme know what you think.

Scenario 1: Bus wetting

Linda was on a long interstate bus trip which was supposed to last the entire day. She was napping in the soft seats of the bus, on the seat near the windows. Her boyfriend, Mark, tapped her on the shoulder, waking her up. "Hey sweetie. We are making a stop. Need the restroom?", he asked. Linda just sleepily shook her head, mumbling "no" before laying her head back and returning to the pleasure of napping. Her boyfriend was busy on his phone, tapping away at a shooter, trying to pass time. A few hours passed. Linda awoke. "Oh, hey Mark", she murmured, sounding intoxicated from not being awake. "Hey Linda. How was your deep hibernation", joked Mark. Linda chuckled. "Very good", she replied, before realizing how she refused to go on the bathroom break. She began to cross her legs as her bladder awoke.

Mark looked at her, slightly alarmed. "Honey, we aren't stopping until we reach the destination in 5 hours", he explained. A wave of panic over flowed Linda. She tried to hold it. Another hour passed. They hit heavy traffic. Linda groaned in pain. Her hands were glued to her crotch at this point and she was squirming like crazy. Mark had no idea how to help her. Linda survived another agonizing 30 minutes before she felt wetness on her hand. Oh no. She was leaking. Her muscles were giving in. She gasped. Mark looked down at her crotch but saw nothing. Her hands were covering the wet spot.

After a few more minutes, she lost control. A slow steady stream leaked out into her jeans. Mark saw it clearly this time. The urine poured out of her and into her clothes. The pee puddled on the soft bus seats before seeping into the material. The pee kept puddling up more and more as a guilty feeling of relief overflowed Linda. Her bladder emptied into her pants as she went to the bathroom right in her seat. The warmth felt nice under her butt as she finished urinating. She felt a guilty pleasure, as she and her boyfriend began to ponder a solution to the problem.

*002*2017-12-06 00:19

Scenario 2: Emily Convenience wetting

Emily was 10 years old. She was obviously potty trained, but had an odd interest, or rather, strong desire, to not go to the bathroom. She preferred to sit back and pee her pants wherever she was. She has never done it, but always wanted to, so one day she woke up, and decided to convenience wet from then on whenever she could. She set some rules of course. No wetting in school, even though she'd really love to. No wetting when out in very public places. That's about it. Her mom entered her room in the morning, hearing that she awoke.

"Good morning sweetie", said her mom. Emily slowly began to pee under her blankets while her mom was in her room. The warm wetness soaked her pink pajamas before making a sizable stain on her sheets. "Good morning", Emily replied with a grin. "What would you like for breakfast?", her mom asked. Emily replied with cereal. She loved lucky charms. Her mom walked out of the room and went downstairs to make her some cereal. Emily stood up from bed, moving aside her blankets to reveal a yellow stain. She smiled. Her fun had begun. (Maybe will be continued)

*006*2017-12-25 05:37

Scenario 3: Purposeful furniture store wetting

Justin entered the furniture store with his mom. She said he can do whatever while she goes to find what she needs to buy. Justin knew exactly what he was going to do. He searched the store until he found the nearest couch. It was in the corner of the store where no one goes often. The couch was gray, and had soft foam like cushions. He sat down. His dick quickly got hard and it visibly stuck out upward in his red basketball shorts. There was a huge bulge. He needed to pee really bad, so he let go. He pushed full force. The pee went through his shorts and up and then poured all over the place like a fountain. He felt a warm puddle beneath him. His stream soon died down leaving his shorts completely soaked, and a large pee stain on the couch. Justin got up and ran to the bathroom where he changed into a new pair of shorts that he brought with him.

