Hunger Games - Page 2

Author: Nimbus

*028*2012-06-27 04:10

{{:

I enjoyed reading it as well.

}}

{{:

You should, I really enjoyed reading it!!

}}

{{:

Do it.

}}

Great, then it's official! Hunger games will be added to my fall line-up. till then feel free to check out my other work:)

*030*2012-06-28 02:35

{{:

Make it 4:

I enjoyed this. I enjoy all your work.

}}

Thank you, that means a lot:)

*032*2012-06-28 15:51

{{:

Number 5! XD I learn allot from you.

}}

Thanks:) You've learned a lot?

*035*2012-08-16 01:17

{{:

I'm not interested in the books or the movie but this is entertaining, even without the wetting I'd read it. I love reading what other people can think up.

}}

Thanks, I'm really glad you think so:)

*037*2012-09-05 20:33

The long awaited continuation to the Hunger Games omorashi fanfic.

I pushed myself to my limit, my breathing was rasp as I ran to the best of my ability. Each step I took seemed to only increase the already powerful urge to pee. I had to find Perry though! I trembled as I ran, my eyes searching through the foliage as I tried to find a sign of his existence. I was retracing my way back to the scene of the hallucinations. If what Perry did really did happen then I might find some clue to his where-bouts at the tree. A knife hung from my right hand, still dressed in my black clothing I raced through the dusk of the arena.

My hair hung around my face in curls rather than my signature braid. (I finally watched the movie and she looked beautiful without the braid in my opinion) My left hand pressed itself against my crotch every couple minutes to relieve some of the pressure, it was still painful but I could manage till I found Perry. My legs threatened to give out, much like my bladder, but I ignored it and continued to run. I was only halfway to the location when the first spurt of urine entered my panties. It was a quick spurt of urine than dampened my panties with warmth. I froze for a moment my hand stuffed under the moist fabric of my underwear as I pressed my finger tips forcefully against my urethra.

I sped up my pace once I had to flow under control and moved forward. I flailed my hands desperately as I tried to move even fast. I felt so useless at my insignificant speed. I reluctantly flung my bag from my shoulders and felt instantly lighter, hoping I would be able to find my supplies again. I didn't care, I needed to get to Perry, who could be hurting somewhere. I didn't care about how badly I desperately needed to pee. I only cared about rescuing Perry.

But what do I do when I get there? I'm not a healer like my mother or Prim. I don't even have anything to help Perry with, even less now that I dropped my pack. I felt stupid and worthless. But I never stopped running. If I get there he may die, but if I don't there is no may about it. I pushed on, even as another spurt thoroughly soaked my panties. I shook my head, sweat falling from my face as I pushed on. I didn't know how much longer I would be able to run before I would crash, but I didn't waste my time calculating useless facts.

I ran as every single one of my muscles began to burn, as sweat poured down my fatigued body, as another spurt left a tiny spot on my pants wet. Then I felt the ground give out from beneath me. I found myself tumbling down a rather steep hill, my bladder spasming as I reached out for something to latch onto. I let out a painful groan as I slammed into the base of the hill, a large wet patch covering every angle of my groin. I stemmed the flow however and rose to my feet. I was close. I recognized a small stream, I followed it to the tree where I had last seen Perry. And then gaped in horror. His dead body sat limp at the base of the trunk. I fell to my knees, urine gushing out and soaking my pants, puddling beneath me, expanding across the ground before the earth swallowed it hungrily.

My eyes fluttered open to find myself lying in a puddle of still warm urine. Just a dream, just a dream. I assured myself, still, tears flowed from my eyes at the horrible scene from my imagination. I felt sick to my stomach as I rose to my feet slowly. I was close to the tree I had been searching for in my dream. I groaned softly as I stripped naked and washed myself in the nearest stream. Then taking my clothes for the day I pulled on tight khaki jodhpurs, apparently someone didn't realize they were for horseback riding. I also pulled a tight black t-shirt over a blue bra that matched my panties and then my boot.

I drew an arrow from my quiver and nocked it as I looked for signs of Perry. I moved slowly and cautiously looking for any sign of him. It wasn't long before I noticed a trail of blood. It could have been anyone's but it was the only lead. I followed the trail carefully, stopping and taking in the scenery every time the trail ended, it wouldn't be long before I found a continuation of it. I followed it to a stream then the trail went completely dry. I froze. "That can't be it!" I cried after several minutes of searching. I stomped my foot out of rage.

"Ouch!" A voice from beneath me called out. I yelped and jumped back. I stared at the ground expecting to see Perry lying there, it was nothing but a stone though.

"What the...?" I bent down and examined it, I had heard it talk... but talking rocks are impossible.

"Hello." A face practically appeared out of nowhere on the rock.

"Whoa!" I flinched, startled.

"It's me Kaylne." He said softly.

"Perry?"

"Yeah... I'm hurt." He said sadly. "I heard the announcement but it won't be of any use. I'm cut up pretty bad."

"You saved my life... I'm not letting you die out here." I found his shoulders and helped him sit up. I searched through my bag hoping I could find something to wrap him up. All I had was small portion of the toilet paper left. It would have to do. I began by cleaning out his wound, which was badly infected. Hours later he had a make-shift bandage over a bad wound. I hoped it would do until Haymitch would send some supplies. He had to. So I waited with Perry by the stream for hours and hours.

Nothing ever came. The supplies would be too expensive this far in. I helped him to some empty cave where we set up camp. I tended to him through the night until dawn settled in.

"Sleep Kaylne." Perry demanded. "You're going to need your energy when I.. die."

"You aren't dying." I replied.

"Yes, I am. They won't be able to afford anythi-" I interrupted him with a passionate kiss. I don't know where it came from, it just felt natural. The kiss felt... surprisingly good. If I thought the treacherous smooch from Glimmer was good, this was amazing. But I didn't love Perry, even with the rule change I couldn't afford to. I pulled away and drifted off to sleep.

I hope you enjoyed it as much as you used to. This is the beginning of my fall line up, consisting of this and a series of short stories. Leave your comments, criticism and feedback below. Thank you for reading:)

*039*2012-09-05 23:11

{{:

This is making me want to see the movie.

}}

The movie was surprisingly slow:P

