Vul-pees

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-03-26 22:27

Vulpix stretched out in bed.

"Night…" she whispered to herself.

A Blastoist! Chasing her! WAAAAAHH!

She sat up in bed.

It wad just a dream.

"Darn, I need to peeeee…" she moaned, rolling over and falling back asleep.

She was being chased again! The Blastoist pushed her. It was gone. She was under a waterfall. She dove in the water. Nice and warm…

She sat up and moaned.

Her bed was wet.

She cleaned herself up and went out.

THAT was embarrassing…

POKEMARKET

She walked up to an Ursaring running the bar.

She slapped the cash on the bar.

"Gimme one."

The Ursaring was going to refuse;this Vulpix was clearly underage, but when he saw the Poke, he grinned.

"Here ya go, kid."

Vulpix grabbed it and ran.

HOME

She chugged it down, hoping to fall asleep.

She did, but woke up dizzy in a wet bed.

Deciding she couldn't just forget her troubles, she went out again…

POKE PLAYGROUND

There were others her age here.

"Hi!" called a Skitty.

"Hello." she replied.

"Want a soda?"

Vulpix grinned.

"Sure."

The two played, ate, and talked.

"Hey, those Meowth keep staring." said Vulpix.

"Yeah, they chase me all the time."

The two laughed.

Vulpix felt a slight tug.

"Hey Skitty, weres the bathroom?"

Skitty turned pale.

"I hoped you knew…"

A young Tododile approached them.

"Over there." he pointed at the woods.

Skitty moaned.

"Well, Vilpix, guess we need to hold it."

"But I gotta go. Bad!"

"Oh, fine."

FOREST

Skitty looked around.

"Darn, need a wee…"

Vulpix pointed at a bush.

"There!"

She ran over, squared down, and peed.

"Eeeew! I won't go THERE!"

"Oh, meet you back at the playground!"

Skitty glanced around.

She crossed her paws and bounced.

"Gotta pee sooooo bad…"

She gasped as she sprung a little leak.

She ran, hoping to find a place to go.

HISS!

A quick spurt.

"Ohhhh." she moaned.

PSSST!

Another.

"FSH! FSH! FSS-SHHHHHHHHHHSS!

"Oh, no!"

She held on tightly.

SPLSHHH!

More came out.

"This isn't happening! Not…gonna…

PSSSSSSSSSSSSSST!

"Ahhhh…That felt good…"

Yeah, wrote it in a hurry.

Sorry…

*003*2012-03-27 21:23

{{:

That was good for being written in a hurry. Is there any particular reason, though? I think it would have turned out a lot better if you took your time with it.

}}

Yeah, my father was coming over to visit.

Im re-writing a better one, this is sorta a first draft.

(REFUSES TO FAIL AGAIN!!!)

