Ticket to Hollywood

Author: Pain

*000*2015-02-08 13:46

A word of thanks: I would like to thank Frosty for co-writing this short story with me. She is a wonderful person always there when I need her help.

She is one of the best people I’ve met on this forum and it won’t be enough to say that I’m a huge fan of her work. It is really hard to find people like her and I think I’m really lucky to have her guiding and supporting hand to show me the right way.

I truly look forward to working with her again in the future. Thank you Frosty! You are the best!

###

“...and thank you all for coming!” Kristen breathed through the mike, marking the end of the press conference for her new movie. She and her co-star Ashley Greene were making a round of personal appearances to help promote the final film in the Twilight series.

She followed Ashley out of the room amidst the flash of cameras and journalists calling out their names, sighing softly to herself.

A day of promotional appearances and meetings in New York had left the two of them exhausted. As they walked down the hallway together surrounded by bodyguards, Kristen looked visibly frantic and bouncy.

Both girls got into the back seat of the stretch limo which awaited them in the driveway and settled in for the ride back to their hotel

.

Kristen didn’t delay in crossing her legs as soon as she sat down. She was getting really desperate for the toilets now.

She rubbed her thighs with both hands in a slow but firm motion, barely resisting the urge to grab her crotch while she took short breaths, trying to sit up as stiffly as possible.

“Phew, that was the last one for today,” Ashley said. “I'm so glad we’re done; six of those in a row would test anyone’s patience!”

She knew how much Kristen disliked this part of the business, putting up with it as a necessary evil, but as she glanced over towards her friend it was obvious that there was something more than the usual fatigue and irritation going on inside the girl sitting next to her.

“You look tense, is everything okay?” Ashley whispered, after closing the privacy window to make sure her words wouldn’t be overheard by the driver.

“Oh it’s nothing, I just really have to go the bathroom,” Kristen said and sighed, closing her eyes shut for a moment.

Who was she kidding? She was going absolutely out of her mind from needing to pee so badly, and it would have been obvious to anyone who looked at her that she was frantic.

“We’ll be at the hotel before you even know it, honey...” Ashley assured her, taking her co-star’s hand and holding it for a moment.

But Kristen was growing less sure of herself, she could feel her pee hole pulsating, about to burst open at any moment.

God, how long had she been holding for?

From the time she left her hotel room this morning until now, Kristen had been to the bathroom only once during their break for lunch, not to mention the amount of water she had been drinking the whole day. Kristen was totally desperate to pee; her bladder felt so full it was bulging out like a melon.

Just then she felt a few drops escape into her panties, and tears began to well up in her eyes as she grabbed her crotch in agony.

She was shivering with the effort of trying to hold it in, but she knew her control was slipping.

“Are you okay?” Ashley asked, her concern evident from her tone.

“I don’t think I'm going to make it to the hotel

…” Kristen gasped as her tears rolled down her pretty face.

Ashley could tell she wasn’t joking but there was not much she could do to help her friend.

As the car stopped at a traffic signal, Kristen accidentally let out a significant stream of pee into her panties.

She grabbed her crotch harder and crossed her legs, trying to hold on with every last bit of strength left inside her, but now she could feel a little wetness spreading from her crotch all the way down to her bottom.

She was breathing heavily, almost panting with desperation now, her lithe body wracked with shivers, and Kristen knew she wouldn’t be able to last much longer.

“Ash… OMG, I’m losing it…” was all Kristen could say before involuntarily shooting out another long stream of urine into her panties.

This was it, she just couldn’t hold it any longer and her deliriously tired sphincters gave way as pee exploded out of her.

“Please no, not now!” Kristen cried out, bending forward a little and grabbing her crotch with both her hands in a last ditch effort to hold on, but it was of no use, the dam had finally burst.

“Oh no…” Ashley cried. From the sound of the loud hissing noise, she could tell that Kristen was uncontrollably wetting herself.

A strong and steady torrent continued to make its way out and before long a pool of urine had collected on the seat around Kristen.

As the wet patch on the seat grew beside her, Ashley couldn’t believe her eyes.

She wondered how long Kristen had been holding to have an accident that big.

Kristen just wept miserably as she hid her face with her hands, unable to hold back her pee or her tears any longer.

What would Ashley think of her, being an ace celebrity and unable to control her bladder?

The back of her jeans was soaked with pee and she could feel the wetness on her bottom all the way down to her knees.

Ashley felt confused; she wasn't quite sure what to say or do to make the situation any better for Kristen.

“Honey…before we step outside, I want you to wrap this around your waist” Ashley said, handing over her jacket to Kristen. It would definitely help her conceal the accident.

Kristen obliged, both surprised and grateful that Ashley was trying to help her out.

“You’re being so nice to me, even though I’ve been such a bitch,” Kristen sobbed.

You haven’t been a bitch for no reason,“ Ashley said, putting an arm round Kristen to comfort her.

“You’re tired and stressed, and all that stuff with Robert hasn’t helped either.”

Kristen’s much-publicized real life breakup with her male co-star was one of the reasons she was doing publicity with Ashley this time around instead of with the boy who played Edward to her Bella in the series. She didn’t answer, but only sobbed a bit more quietly.

As they finally reached their hotel

, Kristen stepped out of the car, her head bowed down in embarrassment and shame as she kept crying and let tears flood her face.

People recognized her in an instant but her standoffish body language kept them at bay.

Once they were safely back in her room, Ashley tried to comfort Kirsten, who just couldn’t stop crying.

“It’s okay, my sweetheart… things like this happen to all of us… just because we're celebrities doesn’t mean we aren’t human beings!” Ashley said, rubbing Kristen’s back.

“Really? When was the last time you wet yourself like a two year old girl ?” Kristen said through her tears.

“It wasn’t all that long ago," Ashley said with a giggle.

“Remember that bar in Paris? I had to go so badly on the way back to the hotel

, omg…”

“You sure looked desperate, but you didn’t… did you?”

It was Kristen’s turn to giggle now.

“Oh, yes, I did… I got all the way back to the hotel, and I really thought I was going to make it, but then I peed my pants right there in the hallway outside my room, trying to get the door open!”

Ashley laughed at the memory as she continued to stroke her friend’s back gently.

Her words and her touch had such a soothing effect on Kristen, she opened her arms to hug Ashley now.

Kristen murmured, “I wish I’d been there to see that.”

“So you could make fun of me?” Ashley joked.

“No… it… it kind of… turns me on,” Kristen said softly, her eyes downcast now.

“Really?” Ashley cupped her chin and lifted her face to look directly into her eyes. “Um…. because… I feel the same way!”

“OMG, we’re SO weird,” Kristen said, and then the two of them started giggling together, which then became a full-on laughing fit.

“OMG, I think I just peed!” Ashley said between peals of uncontrollable laughter.

Kristen stopped long enough to gasp, “I just did again too!”

As they sat there next to each other, something happened.

It was like a jolt of electricity passing through their bodies.

They looked into each other’s eyes and then… they kissed.

Ashley gently nibbled on Kristen’s lower lip; it felt so soft and plump between her sharp teeth. Then, unable to control herself any longer, she covered Kristen’s throat with kisses, her trembling hands caressing her friend's small breasts.

This rush of emotions made Kristen completely forget about the accident she just had. She slid her hand into Ashley's damp panties, stroking her gently with her fingertips as she felt the wetness there which answered her own.

Ashley responded by pressing her whole body tightly up against Kristen's now and wrapping her arms around her.

"OK, maybe we are just a little weird, around the edges," Ashley said softly, then bared her fangs and bit deeply into Kristen's neck.

*002*2015-02-09 11:48

{{: 

You're very welcome !

It's an awesome story, and it was an honour and a true thrill to be a part of making it happen.

I LOVE Twilight and KStew and Ash so much, how could i resist?!

Thanks for giving me the chance to work on it with you, Pain!

}}

Thanks for working with me Frosty!

