Germaphobia - Page 2

Author: secretomoact

*025*2022-11-30 00:59

Written for the Omovember prompt "In A School Uniform".

The uniform here is somewhat based off the one I had to wear to school for one semester. (Minus the wool socks, that's an exaggeration to make Emmett have to drink more, haha.)

***

Emmett absolutely HATED the new uniform he was being required to wear to school. The school had gone overboard on a punishment once again. Just because ONE group of kids had decided to wear t-shirts with explicit art on them to class as a joke, rather than giving that one, small group a bunch of detentions or something else that would deter them from repeating the stunt, the administration had decided that now EVERYBODY had to wear a uniform.

Even Emmett— whom wore button up shirts and khaki pants pretty often— thought the outfits looked ridiculously dorky. The boys had to wear these dark blue vests overtop of a long-sleeved, white work-shirt, long, thick black slacks and a silver belt. The school even regulated what socks everyone had to wear— Thick, grey woolen ones. Not only did these outfits make everyone look like they were about to get shoved into a locker in some bad high school movie, but they were also way, WAY too freaking warm!

Emmett lived in Florida— FLORIDA. It was called ‘the Sunshine State’ for a reason. It was warm all the time, often sweltering. Being forced to wear two layers over his chest— and long sleeved layers at THAT, super thick pants and woolen socks every single day to school felt like a form of torture that the Spanish Inquisition would have rejected for being too cruel. If the school’s goal was to make the students miserable, then they’d succeeded beyond their wildest dreams.

"Did they… Do you think they specifically asked someone to design outfits that would torture anyone who puts them on?” Emmett asked as they got onto the bus one morning. He was DRENCHED in sweat already. He’d lathered on three extra coats of deodorant to try and help himself feel LESS disgusted by his body’s natural reaction to overheating, but it wasn’t helping very much.

“Most likely,” Shelby said. “Who in the FUCK requires wool socks in freaking Florida?! My feet already feel like they’re swimming.”

Emmett winced at the image, and at how much it felt like HIS feet were doing the same. Every day after school, when he peeled the sweat covered, squelching things off of himself, he would be met with revulsion as he saw how pruny his feet had gotten, and relief as the cool air conditioning of his house finally hit them.

At school, Emmett was so uncomfortable and warm that he couldn’t focus on anything. All he could feel were the buckets of sweat rolling down his neck, down his back, and pooling inside his socks. Every part of his body felt damp and disgusting, like he’d just walked through a swamp. When he was given a test in one of his classes, he noticed drips of water forming on the paper, and a few seconds later realized that it was his own sweat dripping off his face.

Out of pure desperation, he tried to roll up the sleeves on the shirt, and the legs of his pants. Small portions of his arms and legs were at last exposed to the cold air, and he was amazed by how much better he felt in just a matter of seconds.

But, a few minutes later his teacher was standing in front of him. She wasn’t looking at his desk, but just at him. “I’m sorry,” she said. “I’m supposed to say something when I see someone out of uniform.”

Emmett was not out of uniform. He was wearing all of it. Every ugly, dorky, way, way, WAY too fucking hot layer of it. “I’m not—“

“You’re not supposed to roll up the sleeves,” she said. “I’m sorry, it’s just the rule, I—“

“I— I’m so…” Emmett did not like arguing with his teachers, but the thought of having to return his lower arms to the rancid, hot and sweaty swamp inside those sleeves was too much. “I’m so hot…” he whispered. “I can’t take it anymore. I’m sorry. It’s all I can think about.”

“Try and drink some water, okay?” she suggested. “That should help you stay cooler. I’m REALLY sorry.” She lowered her voice. “Don’t tell anybody, but I voted AGAINST these uniforms, and I’m trying to convince the principal to get rid of them.”

Emmett felt a little better hearing that. Even some of the teachers realized how unfair and harmful this was. He also took her advice and drank more from his water bottle, at first just trying to replenish all the fluid his pores kept ejecting down his body, and then because the cold fluid actually WAS making him feel less like he was standing on Mercury. He refilled his water bottle between every class, emptying it very quickly each time.

And, all of that was why he had just now discovered what he hated the MOST about the new uniforms. It wasn’t how dorky they looked. It wasn’t how scratchy the vest was. It wasn’t even how painfully hot he felt when he had it on.

What he hated most were the belt and the slacks.

He was required to tuck the shirt and vest into the slacks, then fasten the belt around his waist. That belt and the shirt and the vest were squeezing on top of his extremely full bladder as he stood in front of a urinal, bouncing up and down frantically while all those big bottles of water he’d finished throughout the day SCREAMED at him that they wanted out.

He hated the belt because it was way too tight, pinching his bladder, cutting firmly into its firm, round curve.

He ALSO hated the belt because the buckle was currently jammed. The prong was caught beneath the bar, and he couldn’t pull it free and get the belt apart.

Which was a pretty big problem thanks to the biggest reason he now hated the slacks; They didn’t have a zipper or button. The only way to free his dick was to pull it out over the waistband, but the tight belt had totally blocked his access.

And he NEEDED to get his dick out. He NEEDED to get it our very, very soon! He’d spent the entirety of the last class clutching onto it and staring at the clock as he begged for time to move faster. The warm sweat that had been pouring off of him in buckets suddenly turned icy cold when he’d felt a little spurt of pee drizzle out of him during the last five minutes. And then, he’d RUN to the nearest restroom, gotten himself in front of this urinal in record time, reached for his belt, sphincters already going loose as he knew he was so, so close to relief…

Then, he’d tried to get the belt apart.

And tried again.

And again.

Horror had dawned on him as he realized the problem, and that he wasn’t close to relief at all.

He stayed where he was, stayed in front of the urinal. Even if all the sight of it was doing was taunting him, he didn’t want to leave his spot. He needed to go so bad, he didn’t want to accept what was happening to him now. When he heard someone take one of the other urinals, heard them EASILY unclasp their belt and release a stream, Emmett whimpered in the back of his throat. ‘Please…’ he begged. ‘Please, I have to pee…’ he kept trying to free the prong from where it was stuck, but it had been bent wrong at some point and wouldn’t budge like it was meant to.

 The fact Emmett kept needing to grab himself again to stop his urine from gushing out wasn’t making it any easier to fix the problem. He shifted from foot to foot, urgency flaring through him. ‘Come ON, please!’ he thought, but the prong refused to slide out. “I can’t hold it…” he whispered under his breath. “Please, come on. I can’t hold it…”

The other guy finished up at the urinal, and he looked over at Emmett. “Um… Do you not know how to use it, or something?”

Emmett didn’t respond, just blushed hard. He knew he must have looked pretty silly, doing a major piss-dance in front of a toilet, mumbling about not being able to wait…

“I promise, it’s really easy. You can figure it out if you try,” the guy continued, laughing as he left the room.

Emmett grimaced. If their positions were reversed, Emmett probably would have asked what the problem was, since clearly there WAS one. He wouldn’t have made fun of the other person like that! Plus, that jerk didn’t even wash his hands…

Suddenly, Emmett couldn’t handle looking at the urinal anymore. The sight of it was making his bladder contract hard, making his pee pump so firmly against his trembling sphincters that they felt like they were about to fall to pieces and leave him standing in a massive puddle. He stumbled backwards, towards the sinks as he kept fighting with the belt. But, it was clear that he couldn’t win— And the pulses from within that were causing him to grab his crotch were becoming so frequent that he couldn’t spend much time working on the belt anymore.

He had to face the facts; That belt WASN’T going to unclasp for him right now.

He was going to piss his pants.

He was going to be covering himself in even MORE disgusting fluids than usual today— Something even worse than the lake of sweat his feet were already soaking in. And, then what? He’d have to keep sitting in his pee since he STILL couldn’t get his stupid pants off!

But, it wasn’t like he could just STAY in these clothes forever, right? He HAD to get them off eventually somehow. There had to be a way he could do it.

He reached a hand away from his dick and felt the material of the belt. Just like everything else he was forced to wear, it was pretty thick. There must be SOMETHING he could use on it, though…

He exited the restroom, wincing as his bladder shot him a very confused and angry pang as he left without relieving it. The hallways were empty now, everybody was in class. Emmett had… Never been late to class before. Ever. Anxiety churned inside him, a heavy lead weight that slammed hard into his poor bladder.

He stumbled into his next class, and his teacher shot him a sharp look. “You’re late,” she stated.

“I kn—know, Ms. Hancroft,” Emmett said. “I’m sorry, I… I’m having a problem. Could I t—talk to you?”

“Oh, we’ll talk plenty after class,” she said. “Sit down.”

Emmett wanted to protest, but knew it wouldn’t get him anywhere. He took his seat and immediately started to fan his knees in and out. His hands returned to his crotch and squeezed away.

Shelby was beside him, and stared at him. She’d seen him wriggling and squirming all through the last class, and when he was so late to this one, she was sure he must have decided to be rational for once and use the restroom here. Apparently not. “Why were you late?” she asked.

“B—Because I have to pee!” Emmett whispered. “Be quiet.”

“Um… If you’re late because you needed to go… Why does it still look like you—“

“The clasp thingy on my belt got bent up somehow, I can’t get it loose,” Emmett explained. “Now, quiet!”

Shelby looked at him for another second. She hadn’t considered until that moment that the new uniform pants didn’t have zippers. No way was he getting his… thing out of there without getting the belt off first. “Cut a hole in the crotch of your pants,” she suggested.

“I can’t! I’d have to walk around all day like that!”

“If you don’t, you’ll have to walk around all day covered in—“

“Emmett, Shelby,” Ms. Hancroft snapped. “What is so interesting to the two of you that it can’t wait until after school?”

Emmett fell silent, blushing hard.

Shelby did not share his embarrassment. “Emmett’s belt won’t come apart and he has to pee, like, super, super bad,” she announced.

“Shelby, please!” Emmett squeaked out. He’d been so thankful to be sitting in the BACK of the room where it was unlikely his classmates would notice all his writhing. Now, he knew, they’d all be watching him carefully.

Ms. Hancroft sighed. “If your brother needs the restroom, he should have gone between classes.”

“I tr-tried…” Emmett mumbled.

“He couldn’t. His belt’s stuck, remember?” Shelby said.

“We will not be discussing this any further,” Ms. Hancroft said. “Stop disrupting everyone else. Now, I’ll be seeing BOTH of you after class.”

Emmett’s heart sank. He’d had a little smidge of hope that, after hearing the problem, Ms. Hancroft would offer a solution rather than just more scolding. Of course, he couldn’t be so lucky. But maybe, just maybe, when she held them after class she could be persuaded to help out.

Emmett just had to make it that long, which seemed a LOT easier said than done. He’d barely managed to hold out through his LAST class, after which he’d been so certain of relief that his bladder was STILL reeling from having it snatched away. His body was continuing to spasm in urgent, confused pangs, still unable to comprehend why he hadn’t urinated yet. His bladder couldn’t grasp the concept of a faulty belt keeping its only exit-pathway trapped behind thick fabric. His bladder just knew that, five minutes ago, he’d been facing a urinal and SHOULD have been letting everything flow!

Emmett’s knee bounced frantically beneath his desk, and his hand refused to release his dick. He knew people were glancing back at him now, he heard them snickering at the visual confirmation that he really DID have to pee like, super, super badly just as Shelby had said. But, he couldn’t help the fidgeting! Staying still for even just ten seconds would give his bladder enough leeway to pump out a few spurts of liquid. He HAD to do what he could to pin his pipes closed.

He didn’t hear a single word Ms. Hancroft said after that, all he could hear were the urgent wails coming from within his own body. The worst part was that he was STILL sweating— Actually he was sweating quite a bit MORE than he’d been earlier since holding back his flood was taking so much effort. Sweating was not helping him keep his pee at bay. It was making him thirstier, when the last thing his bladder needed was more water. And, he was sweating so profusely all over that his crotch-region already felt pretty drenched. His boxers were stickily clinging to his thighs in a way that felt absolutely revolting, and made it difficult to tell if the liquid he felt around the head of his cock was just more sweat, or the product of a few more leaks he hadn’t been able to notice slipping past his defenses.

Emmett had plenty of experience with being desperate for a pee, and he had plenty of experience with being sweaty and overheated, but he’d never had to endure BOTH of those things to this extreme a degree at the same time before. He felt utterly miserable. He badly wished he could just be HOME right now. At home, Dad would probably have something that would slice the stupid belt right off of him. Then he could go straight to the bathroom, peel off all this disgusting, heavy clothing, relieve his poor bladder into the toilet, and take a nice, long, cold shower. Finally, he’d be comfortable. He wouldn’t feel like he was on fire and carrying a bomb in his abdomen anymore. He’d be cool, relaxed and empty…

His fantasy was far too vivid for his body, and when he felt more liquid sloshing in his boxers, he knew for sure that it was pee and not sweat. He squeezed his cock tightly and made the leak stop, but there was still so much in there that had to come out, and he STILL didn’t know how he was supposed to get his pants out of the way before it all came pouring through him.

He wished he could at least get the belt to loosen up a little. He hadn’t thought it had been too tight when he’d put it on that morning, but now it felt like the thing was three sizes too small for him. It was straining to wrap all the way around his body, and his bladder was being strangled within an inch of its life in the process.

Emmett kept looking at the clock, counting down the minutes until class ended. Partway through, he questioned why he was even bothering to do that. Once class ended… Then what? He wouldn’t be rushing to a toilet and unloading his bladder. He’d be having a discussion with Ms. Hancroft that was very unlikely to actually end with his belt being removed.

‘Maybe she will help,’ Emmett tried to be optimistic, but that was difficult for him to do even in the best of circumstances. His present dilemma was so far from ideal that thinking happy thoughts was borderline impossible.

Class finally ended, and Emmett abruptly stood to his feet when he heard the bell rang. It was a purely involuntary response, his bladder had recognized the noise as one that meant he could use the toilet now, it was still incapable of understanding everything that was wrong.

Emmett jiggled up and down, lifting one foot off the ground and then the other as he almost skipped in place. Moving around so much was making him feel even warmer, but he couldn’t stop!

 Finally, the class emptied and Ms. Hancroft stood in front of his and Shelby’s desks. “Shelby, those were inappropriate things to say during class,” she stated.

“You asked what we were talking about,” Shelby shrugged.

Ms. Hancroft glowered at her. She sighed. “Emmett, this is your first time ever being tardy… What happened?”

“L—Like she said,” Emmett stammered. “I have to… Um… I need to… Use the restroom,” he managed. He didn’t understand why she was making him say this. He was doubled over, his knees knocking together as his hands squeezed away at his crotch. It should have been pretty obvious what he had to do. “And… My belt won’t come apart, so I… I’m kind of ‘stuck’…”

“I’m sure it’s not stuck,” Ms. Hancroft said.

“It is,” Emmett said, miserable. “I don’t know, the metal on the claspy-thing is warped, I can’t move it. I need something to cut through the belt.”

“Well, if you really can’t get it open, I… Guess gardening sheers might cut through it.”

Emmett didn’t know where he’d find a set of those. “Um… Does the janitor have some, or—“

“You can do that at home,” Ms. Hancroft interrupted. “You need to remain in your uniform on school grounds, that means you need your belt on.”

‘Are you SERIOUS?’ Emmett wanted to yell. There were four hours left of the school day— Not even counting the time it would take to get home. He would LITERALLY explode if he tried to hold his pee until then. “I—I’ll tie the cut halves of it together, or something,” he said. “And I’ll wear that. I—“

“It needs to be on and fastened,” Ms. Hancroft said. “That’s the policy.”

Emmett’s bladder didn’t give a fuck about what the ‘policy’ was. It was GOING to empty itself VERY soon, and he’d prefer it if his pants were out of the way when that inevitably happened. “Aren’t there any spare ones, then?”

“No, it’s your responsibility to come to school wearing your uniform.”

“That’s so stupid,” Shelby said what Emmett was thinking.

“Shelby,” Ms. Hancroft said firmly. “These rules exist for a reason.”

Emmett was the kind of person that ALWAYS followed the rules, he hated getting in trouble or making people angry. Emmett’s brain also had a habit of spitting out strange and illogical rules that he’d be compelled to follow; Such as telling him he needs to flick his lamp on and off exactly three times before bed each night to keep bugs out of his room— This was something he knew didn’t make much sense, but he would feel a skittering, twisting feeling in his chest whenever he tried not to do it. Yet, even with its own peculiar penchant for making up ridiculous rules alongside nonsensical reasons that they needed to be obeyed, Emmett’s mind could not think of a single reason that he needed to follow a rule that would cause him to pee his pants at school and then (presumably) be made to sit in it until he could get home and cut his belt off.

“Wh—What is the reason?” Emmett asked, shocked that those words had actually come out of his mouth.

“The uniforms were chosen to help you focus on class instead of on what one another is wearing.”

 What.

Was him NOT wearing the stupid belt somehow more distracting to everyone than him doing a desperate pee dance for hours, pissing all over himself, and then wearing urine soaked clothes for the rest of the day?

And… ‘To help you focus’? Emmett hadn’t been able to focus at ALL since the uniforms had been introduced. All he’d learned during the past few weeks was that he could sweat enough during the course of a single day that his feet pruned up like they did when he took his super long showers.

And TODAY he’d been even LESS focused because, in addition to trying to fight off a freaking heat-stroke, he’d been so full of pee that he felt like his back teeth were drowning!

“I… I can’t focus when I really have to—“

“It’s one day,” Ms. Hancroft said. “Wait until you get home, fix the belt issue, and come back tomorrow with a new one.”

“But, I can’t hold it until th—“

“You really think ANYBODY’S gonna be focused after he pisses everywhere?” Shelby asked.

Emmett REALLY wished she would stop saying things like that! He felt like he was boiling alive already, he didn’t need someone making him blush on top of that!

“Shelby, language,” Ms. Hancroft scolded.

“This is stupid,” Shelby repeated. “Nobody is going to notice if he doesn’t have a belt, everyone’s gonna notice if he pees on the floor.”

Gah! Listening to her say that was making Emmett’s bladder spasm even more! Just hearing words like ‘pee’ or ‘piss’ was enough to make him cross his legs tighter. His body had begun to vibrate now, he was so tense that he was shaking uncontrollably.

“I will send you to the office if you keep talking like that,” Ms. Hancroft warned. “Both of you, get to class.”

Emmett fumbled his way out of the classroom, his mind buzzing in an absolute panic. He had to pee SO much! There was a zero percent chance of him making it home before his bladder exploded. He was still struggling to tell the difference between his sweat and his urine, but he KNEW he’d lost at least a FEW more spurts while Ms. Hancroft had been talking to him.

This was all just so unfair! He needed the belt OFF! He needed it off NOW! Why couldn’t Ms. Hancroft just UNDERSTAND that he couldn’t simply ‘wait until he got home’ to take care of his problem? His problem was going to take care of ITSELF very soon if he didn’t get a handle on things!

And now, after just having been in trouble for being late to ONE class, he was late to ANOTHER because Ms. Hancroft had kept him there for so long.

Shelby walked beside him. He was about to miserably force himself down the hall that led to his next class, but Shelby squeezed his shoulder and started to drag him in the other direction.

“Shelby, wh—what are you—“

“Come on,” Shelby said. “We’re fixing this.” 

“But, she said that I have to—“

“These rules are stupid, you shouldn't follow dumb rules,” Shelby said. She led him down the hall and up to the janitor’s closet.

“What’s—“

Shelby knocked on the door. “I hope he’s—“

The door opened, the janitor— the same one that had accidentally caught Emmett relieving himself into a mop bucket months ago— was standing there. He looked at them, his eyes lingering on Emmett’s frantic fidgeting. “Um… Is one of the bathrooms busted?” he guessed.

“No,” Shelby said. “The clasp on his belt got bent out of shape and he can’t open it. We need something to cut through the material fast.”

Emmett was immensely relieved that she didn’t tack on something like “We need something to cut through the material fast, before he has a huge accident and floods the entire school.” But, before he could let any breath from his lungs, his hips wriggled from how badly he still needed to feel a different kind of relief.

The janitor kept staring. “Um… Okay,” he said. “I have the shears I use to trim the bushes out front, would that help?”

Shelby nodded. “Yes.”

He reached up onto a shelf. “Alright, be REALLY careful, I could get into a lot of trouble for this.”

“We will be,” Shelby said, turning to Emmett “You want to cut it, or— Oh, I guess I should do it, right? Don’t want you wielding a sharp thing around down there when you’re so shaky! What if Nova decides she wants kids some day?”

“Shelby, for the love of God, just cut the stupid belt before I burst!” Emmett begged.

Shelby stood to Emmett’s left and struggled to place the belt between the blades of the shears. It didn’t help that Emmett’s hips wouldn’t stop wriggling! “Hold still…” she said. “And don’t put your belt on so tight, there’s barely any space!”

Emmett groaned, “I’m TRYING to stay still!” he whined. And… The belt had actually felt too LOOSE when he’d put it on this morning! He couldn’t believe how tight it seemed now.

Shelby finally got the blades in the right place and pressed down as hard as she could. The things were sharp, definitely strong, but she still struggled to saw through the material of the belt. Finally, there was a very loud SNAP and the horrid, awful thing that had been confining Emmett for so long fell to the floor, and he was pissing.

FUCK, FUCK, NO! He was so close, just sto—

But, then he looked down. No puddle was forming. There wasn’t any hissing emitting from between his legs.

 He WASN’T pissing.

That sudden feeling of pressure dissipating HADN’T been his bladder splitting open. It had just been the release of the horrifically constricting strap that had been squeezing into it. Where the belt had once strangled firmly into his abdomen, he now saw a swollen, distended bump protruding noticeably in his center. His lower stomach was rounded with his firm, overfull bladder— A massive, stone-hard ball of urine where it had once been smooth and flat— VERY visible even with the thick shirt and vest still covering it.

No wonder his belt had suddenly been feeling too tight…

Shelby was staring at him— Or, more specifically, at the swell resting painfully inside him. She’d seen him desperate many, many times, but she’d never seen… That. She didn’t think she’d ever seen her own body do anything like that before either. “Are you okay!?”

Emmett shook his head quickly, turning about and trying to think of which restroom was closest to his current position. His mind made up, he rushed down the hallway. Shelby followed after him, thinking that if they were BOTH late to their next class he might feel a little better about it. By the time she’d caught up, the restroom door was already swinging shut behind him. ‘Jeez, he moves fast when he needs to piss…’  

Inside the restroom, Emmett had arrived at the same urinal he’d failed to use earlier, this time, he easily lowered the waistband of his pants and reached in for his cock. The inside of his boxers felt extremely clammy and gross, he still wasn’t sure if it was mostly sweat or mostly urine, but either way he wanted it off of him. He retrieved his slick, wet member, a droplet of clear pee already hanging from its tip as he aimed.

To his dismay, in spite of his horrid desperation, when he told his bladder to release, his stream trickled out in a dismal, slow manner, like trying to pump water out of an old, rusty tap. His muscles had been tight and tense for so long that they refused to relax themselves all the way and give him the relief he craved. “C—Come on…” he begged his dribbles to increase into a jet, but he was still just barely letting it out.

He reached a hand beneath his shirt, and started to rub it against his bladder. He flinched and jerked his hand back— Not from pain (although that HAD hurt), but from the shock of how his bladder actually FELT. For some reason, when he’d noticed the bump he’d thought it looked squishy and malleable, but in reality it was hard as stone, heavy and firm, like it would need to be broken up by a pickaxe.

The feeling of it, the knowledge that something like THAT existed in his body— was STUCK inside his body, made him panic. Did he need to go to a hospital?! He wanted to wait until all the pee was out of him before he freaked out— surely his abdomen would be flat again once the urine was gone, right? But, his fear made it even TRICKIER to open his faucet up the rest of the way.

He heard the door open and tensed his back, hoping that whoever just came in wouldn’t notice and comment on his problem like the guy from earlier had. “Did you piss yourself?” he heard Shelby ask.

“No!” Emmett stammered. “Why are you— Get out! I’m trying to go!”

“You actually have to TRY to do that right now?”

“It… I held it too long, I can’t… I need to go to the hospital.” Emmett tried to explain. He was averaging about three drips of piss per second. “I probably have urinary retention. Or a bladder stone.”

Shelby rolled her eyes. His catastrophizing self-diagnoses were NEVER to be encouraged. In the past he’d convinced himself that he had Ebola because his throat was sore. He’d also become convinced he was suffering from Stoneman Syndrome when his shoulders felt stiffer than usual. He’d self-diagnosed himself with severe Hypochondria once, and when he did THAT Shelby wasn’t entirely sure how to respond. “I doubt it’s that serious… Just pee.”

“I’m TRYING, it’s just… It’s barely—“

Shelby cranked one of the sinks on. “There,” she said. She turned on the one next to it. “Even better.”

Emmett stomped his feet hard against the floor, “Ack—! Stop that, it’s making it wor—“ He was interrupted when his sphincters finally broke and allowed his stream to really start gushing. “Ahhhhhhh…..”

“That helping you?” Shelby asked.

“Yessss…” Emmett answered blearily. “Helps a lot…” He shivered as it all came rushing out of him at last. He felt the most wonderful sensation of ‘shrinking’ happening in his lower belly, and hoped that meant the freaky swelling he’d seen there was vanishing. Pee continued to spray away for close to two minutes, and then he fumbled his member back into his pants. “Ahhh…” he sighed again, going to the still running sink.

Shelby snickered as he put his hand under the water, and he turned to her. “Don’t laugh, I really had to go…”

Shelby’s face fell after a second. She watched her brother scrubbing at his hands, using the sink that she’d cranked all the way to hot and now had steam flowing around it. After how hot he’d been today, she’d thought for sure that would get a yelp or a complaint out of him, but it was like he didn’t even notice the temperature of the water.

“Heh, guess with how warm the uniforms are, even boiling water feels cool to you?” Shelby guessed. She looked, his hands were scorching pink and red all over…

“Huh?” Emmett asked.

“I only turned on the hot water,” Shelby said. “As a joke…”

“Oh, well I always wash my hands with hot water, so I guess I didn’t notice” Emmett shrugged, switching the faucet off. “Cold water doesn’t kill germs as fast.”

“It was steaming…”

“Yeah,” Emmett nodded. “I usually wait for it to start doing that before—“

“…Are you okay?” Shelby asked for the second time that hour.

“I’m fine,” Emmett said. He looked down, worried that the bulge in his belly was still there, but it was flat. “Yeah, I’m okay. Don’t have to pee anymore.”

That wasn’t what Shelby had been asking about.

The two got to class, and were scolded for being over twenty minutes late. Emmett tried to explain what all had taken place, but before he got two words out he was already receiving a talking to for not having his belt on. He was warned that if he did anything like that again this week, he would be given a detention.

Emmett sat at his desk and sighed heavily. He thought he’d have a much easier time following the school’s rules if they didn’t all make it so hard to pee.

*027*2022-12-25 23:41

Written for the 12 Days of Omo prompt "Christmas Dinner".

Dr. Willow is Ethan, who appears in one of my other fics, No Time For A Break.

***

Emmett didn’t want to do this at all. His therapist, Dr. Willow, had said it would be good for him— Had called it Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, or something like that. “You take small steps, doing things that scare you a little until you’re more comfortable, and then doing things that scare you more.” His therapist had had him write a list of all the things he was frightened to do, in order from least-to-most distressing. And, he thought now that he’d made the list in the wrong order, because what he was doing NOW was very, very scary.

It was scary to him, anyway. Maybe not to most other people, but to HIM it was terrifying. Number four on his list; ‘Prepare raw meat while wearing gloves’. Since Emmett’s germ fears were largely tied to a phobia of vomiting, he didn’t feel at all comfortable touching raw meat. His skin would become utterly contaminated with the juices, which could contain all manner of nasty things that would make him very sick.

And, he’d thought that the addition of the gloves would make it less stressful, since his skin wouldn’t come into DIRECT contact with anything, but they weren’t helping as much as he’d hoped. He could still FEEL the sliminess through the material, and that was enough to make him anxious.

But, he had promised himself he’d do this; He would help Dad prepare Christmas dinner by TOUCHING the raw beef and sausage and forming it into meatballs. Something that should have been super, super simple, but it wasn’t.

He knew he HAD to learn how to deal with this, otherwise for the rest of his life, the only way he’d be able to eat anything with meat in it would be if someone else prepared it for him. And, it probably wasn’t healthy to base his diet around which foods he could stand to cook by himself.

It just wasn’t easy. The texture of the uncooked beef bothered him, and he especially didn’t like the way bits of it clung onto the gloves— If they weren’t in the way, all that stuff would be stuck on his hands!

He was already a nervous wreck as he assisted his father with the meal prep, but when he realized he really should have relieved his bladder before coming to the kitchen, it got a lot worse.

It was okay to leave the kitchen right now, nothing needed to be watched as it cooked just yet. But, Emmett didn’t really have a way to deal with his clothes so he could pee at the moment.

The gloves he had on now were his only set. He did NOT want to touch his zipper (and especially not his penis) with the gloves that were coated in meat juices. He also did not want to take the gloves OFF until he was done needing them, because to put them back ON after he peed, he’d need to touch the contaminated parts with his bare hands.

So, he was going to have to hold his pee IN for a little while.

His other option was to ask Dad or Shelby to help him take off the gloves and put them back on after he’d peed. Which would require him to explain out loud WHY he was so reluctant to do it himself. And that was the thing, Emmett knew that the ‘Glove Rules’ his brain had spat out for him to deal with were absurd. They would make very little sense to anyone that didn’t live inside of his head. Saying “I need you to help me take the gloves off so I can pee, because I can’t touch my clothes with something that touched the meat. And I need you to put them back on my hands afterwards so I don’t accidentally touch the parts that touched the meat,” would be humiliating.

That was one of the worst things about his problem, it was so embarrassing to talk about, and it was hard to get help with something when he felt too ashamed to even bring it up.

So, he tried to focus on just getting his job quickly so he could pee before it got too urgent. They always made lots of meatballs for Christmas so that they’d have leftovers to use in other recipes over the course of the next week. So, it took a while to shape all of them. Emmett had been moving rather robotically, wary of accidentally dropping something or allowing the meat to get too close to his body. Shelby and Dad were having a much easier time, they didn’t care about touching the stuff with their bare hands. Emmett had spent ages trying to figure out why things that were so simple for everyone he knew had to be these massive hurdles for him.

He thought about that for a bit as he monotonously formed the meatballs, it helped to distract him from his growing urge for the bathroom. So many little things were just so hard to deal with! Emmett always had to buy slip-on shoes. Shelby teased him by claiming he’d never learned to tie laces. But, that wasn’t the reason. He just didn’t want to have to TOUCH shoelaces that had touched the dirty ground. He had to always make sure to bring his own pencils to school, because if he had to borrow one, he wouldn’t know where it had been. He needed to wear gloves to try and help his family prepare dinner, and he couldn’t leave to pee until they were done because he couldn’t think of a way to relieve himself without feeling contaminated.

Great, he was thinking about peeing again… He was starting to need to do that an awful lot. And, it wasn’t until this moment that he was realizing how important it was to be able to put his hands wherever he wanted when he had to go. He didn’t feel any immediate urgency to hold himself or anything, but standing still and moving so stiffly wasn’t comfortable at all anymore. But, he now had to pay such careful attention to where his hands ended up that it was like he had to carefully PLAN every squirm he made— Which was next to impossible since it wasn’t as though he could anticipate what his bladder was going to feel like in the coming seconds, what it was going to prompt him to do.

He couldn’t allow his hands to touch any part of his body right now— Or even come too close, because what if something dripped off of the gloves and poisoned him? When he had to pee, he didn’t only use his hands to grip himself when he felt on the verge of exploding. He used them to adjust his pants so his waistband didn’t feel too tight. He used them to tug at his bangs since that always helped him feel less tense for some reason. He stuck his fingers through his belt-loops, he curled his hands into fists, he wrapped his arms around himself so he’d feel steadier…

He couldn’t do ANY of those things right now.

He could only really move his lower body around to help him hold it. He was lifting his feet from the floor, one after the other. This actually seemed to just HEIGHTEN the pressure inside his bladder, though. He sped up his work with the meat balls, biting his lip gently. The bowl of meat was still so full, they still had a lot left to make, and the tingling in his middle was turning into a much more frantic buzz.

Again, he considered asking for help. But, apart from being too ashamed of himself to do it, he didn’t really want to open his mouth right now and breathe something in. Again, he was fully aware that he was being silly. That, he thought, was something most people probably didn’t understand about him; He KNEW that his fears were ridiculous, he just DIDN’T know how to make them go away.

So, he just kept going, silently enduring his need. He ended up leaning against the counter a bit, placing a tiny amount of pressure on his crotch. Immediately, he was feeling a slight dissipation in the pressure at his opening. The tugging feeling running down his length lightened up and he felt more confident that he could keep waiting.

Five minutes later, all of that confidence was gone. He was so uncomfortable, the heaviness of his bladder weighing him down and the counter wasn’t enough of a deterrent for his urine anymore. He kept having all these awful, sharp spasms that ended with painful heat at his opening; He felt dangerously close to letting go of a drip. He needed to give himself a squeeze, a real one! He needed to wrap one hand around his length while the other pinched his tip closed. But, he didn’t dare let his hands touch his clothes or his body.

His legs had begun to rub together, knees knocking, ankles crossing. His lower half was allowed to squirm as much as it wanted, and his bladder wanted his legs moving a lot! Of course, it was only a matter of time before his fidgeting was noticed.

Shelby noticed his feet bouncing and her first thought was that he needed to go to the bathroom. But, unable to think of a decent reason he wouldn’t simply GO given he was inside his own house, she had to assume something else was bugging him. That was unfortunate, she’d sort of been hoping that he’d get USED to touching the meat the longer he did it, but he looked significantly LESS comfortable now than he had at the start. She considered teasing him, but thought better of it; He’d TRIED, he really had… He’d spent over half an hour so far doing something that he REALLY didn’t want to do, and that didn’t warrant mockery. “Hey,” she leaned in closer to him. “If it’s getting to be too much, you can stop early.”

It took Emmett a second to register what she was actually talking about, that she was referring to his anxiety and not his desperation. He hadn’t even considered if stopping early and leaving Dad and Shelby to finish everything was an option— He could pee and not have to worry about putting the gloves back on afterwards.

His therapist was going to ask him how his ‘experiment’ went, though. If he stopped now, he’d have to admit he’d been unable to finish because he’d needed to relieve himself, and explain why THAT had prevented him from completing his task. His face was already going red as he thought through the words he’d need to say.

His bladder surged so powerfully that he needed to snap his thighs together, but he wasn’t fast enough to stop the little dribble that seeped out. ‘Your therapist is the LAST person you should be embarrassed to say these things to!’ He scolded himself as he formed another meat ball, trying not to show any reaction to the warm spill he felt inside his boxers. God… He was just so ashamed of himself! He’d already started having an accident all because his ridiculous phobias had to turn every, little thing into such a logistical nightmare.

He was so pathetic… No one else on Earth could ever possibly have a problem like this. Anyone else, if they had to go THIS badly while they were doing something, and they were AT HOME with the toilet RIGHT down the hall… They’d be able to just STOP and relieve their bladder without issue! But, no. He just couldn’t be normal. Instead, he just held it and grew more and more humiliated by the fact that he WAS holding it.

“I— I’m okay,” he told Shelby finally.

Dad looked over at him next, and Emmett tried to turn all his focus to the work in front of him. His face burned. Dad had had difficulties understanding him before in the past, when Emmett was little, he’d been so confused why he wasn’t like other kids; Why he got so scared over seemingly nothing, why he did strange things and always did them in the exact same way, why he freaked out if he was prevented from doing one of those things.

Dad had tried things like just forbidding Emmett from partaking in his ‘habits’, since that’s what they all seemed to be to him. “You need to take only one shower a day from now on”, “Only two squirts of soap when you wash your hands, alright? And only do it when you’re about to eat or just finished using the bathroom”, “Don’t flick your lamp on and off before bed anymore.”

Dad had thought that making Emmett pay attention to his ‘bad habits’ and telling him to stop would help him get over them. “It’s like how I used to bite my nails, you just need to catch yourself when you’re about to do these things, and stop.” He’d thought it would be simple. But, Emmett hadn’t been able to stop, and scolding him about it made him cry and hyperventilate.

Dad had gotten a little better a few years ago when Emmett first started seeing a therapist. Dr. Willow had been able to figure out why Emmett behaved the way he did really fast, after only a few sessions. Emmett had always sort of thought that he had Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, but it made him feel better to hear a doctor confirm it.

And Dr. Willow had explained it to Dad after Emmett had asked him to. “These ‘habits’ your son has, they aren’t really just ‘habits’, they’re called ‘compulsions’. They’re things he feels he NEEDS to do in response to obsessive thoughts and anxieties. They help him feel calmer, and he isn’t at a stage right now where he’s able to control these behaviors, resist them and still feel safe. Right now, if he was forced NOT to engage in these behaviors at all, he would be in an almost constant state of panic. What he has can be treated and managed, but it’s a gradual process and we can’t push him too much at once.”

Dad had felt bad once he’d heard all of that. He’d been certain that he was HELPING Emmett by doing what he’d been doing, but instead he’d been making his son feel bad just because his brain worked in a certain way. He’d apologized a lot, promised he’d be more understanding, and he HAD been…

But, would Dad understand THIS? Even Emmett himself thought it was stupid! Dad surely would, too! Emmett tried to straighten himself out some. His legs were wound together now, he knew it probably looked like he had to pee. He attempted to draw his legs AWAY from one another, but as soon as his dick wasn’t being awkwardly clamped between his thighs, he was leaking again. He had to snap them back together and barely managed to hold back his whimpering.

‘You’re really gonna do this, huh?’ He asked himself. ‘You’re gonna wet your pants right here in the kitchen because you’re too ashamed to explain what all you need help with?’ Emmett’s spine stiffened up, if he pissed himself he was going to be contaminated ANYWAY, so shouldn’t he just go now and deal with the germy gloves? At least that way, he’d JUST get contaminated, rather than contaminated AND embarrassed.

He set down the meat ball he’d finished making, and tried to work up the nerve to do this, to just get it over with. He knew he’d feel so much better if he peed, if he just got RID of the awful pressure in his lower gut. His hands twitched, sweat beaded on his brow.

“Emmett, are you alright? Do you need to use the restroom?” Dad asked suddenly.

Emmett tensed his thighs up more, just being ASKED if he had to pee was making him need to do it more! “I—“

“You’re… Making the same face you always did when you were little and had to pee…” Dad shrugged. “You know that you can, right? You can take a break.”

“Mmmm…” Emmett chewed his lower lip. He hadn’t realized that there was a specific expression he made when he needed to go, and he was a little embarrassed to find that out. “Th—The gloves…” he said, as if that would somehow help another person understand the chaos that went through his brain.

“What about them?”

“I— I only have this pair,” Emmett said. “And… I don’t want to touch my zipper with them on, and— And to put them back on, I’ll have to touch the outsides where the—“

“Have you been trying to hold it because you didn’t want to ask for help with the gloves?” Dad asked.

Emmett looked away, shaking with embarrassment and desperation. He’d give anything to go back in time and tell himself to pee BEFORE heading to the kitchen. He remembered he’d even NOTICED that he had to go on his way in here! It had been hours since his morning pee, he’d had lots to drink, the pressure had been clear even then! But, no! He’d been so eager to get THIS over with that he’d skipped peeing, and now he had to humiliate himself!

“Don’t… Don’t do that, okay?” Dad said, taking Emmett’s hands and starting to remove one of the gloves. “Just tell me if something’s bothering you. I’m really proud of you for helping out even though it’s hard for you, you’re being brave.” He got the first glove off, and immediately that bare hand flew down to Emmett’s crotch and squeezed.

Emmett flinched, he hadn’t even realized that he was going to grab himself until he suddenly just WAS. His face burned.

Shelby was looking at the placement of Emmett’s free hand now, startled that it had moved so quickly— The INSTANT the glove was gone, he was squeezing himself. Like, he’d been dying to do it for a while… And had been so scared to touch his body with something ‘dirty’ that he’d not only refused to empty his bladder, he’d also made it even harder to hold.

The second glove came off and Emmett wavered, trying NOT to let that hand go between his legs, but he wouldn’t feel filthy if he did that now, and he just HAD to, and— With a moan, he doubled over and granted himself the double-handed grip he’d been dying to use.

“Pl—Please tell me sooner next time, alright?” Dad suggested, taken aback by how severe Emmett’s desperation actually was.

Emmett didn’t reply, he was too ashamed. He just rushed off and locked himself into the restroom, grateful for how close it was. Another leak pulsed forth when he saw the toilet, warming his just-dried boxers with new dampness. Even the tight squeeze he had on his dick wasn’t enough to keep it in. He struggled with his zipper, alternating between forcing it down a couple notches and pressing his hand back against it when more drips escaped the confines of his bladder.

At last, it was out of his way and he was aiming his member in his trembling hands. A typhoon erupted from its tip, colliding loudly with the water in the bowl and producing an ear-splitting hiss. The instant he was peeing, liquid was seeping from the corners of his eyes as well. He wasn’t sure if they were from how awful the embarrassment felt or from how amazing the relief was.

Guh… He’d nearly peed his pants in his own house, when BOTH bathrooms were unlocked and available! The whole thing had been so idiotic! Why did he have to DO this to himself!? Why couldn’t he be normal!? Why did he have to be so afraid of freaking EVERYTHING? He was a coward, and he was lucky he’d even been able to make it to the toilet.

‘Coward…’ Emmett had said that word to Dr. Willow once. Dr. Willow had told him NOT to call himself that anymore.

“Everyone NEEDS to be able to feel fear,” Dr. Willow had said. “It’s what keeps us safe. If I didn’t feel fear, I may go to the top of a tall bridge and jump right off to dive in the water. I’d get really hurt if I did that, though, so whenever I’m high up, my brain is telling me to be careful and I feel scared. That’s normal and healthy. Think of fear as kind of like a home security alarm, it’s just going off to warn you of danger… But, for some people, that alarm has a couple wires crossed and it’s a little TOO sensitive— It’s going off when you don’t really NEED it to be. And, that doesn’t make you broken, or a coward, or anything else. It just makes you different— I’d even say it makes you brave. You’re afraid of germs, things that exist EVERYWHERE, but you still go out and do things, and touch things. You just have some ‘false alarms’ sometimes, and we can help you learn how to distinguish between the false ones and the real ones.”

Today’s ‘glove debacle’ had probably been one of those ‘false alarms’ Dr. Willow had mentioned. But, he’d still gotten through it, at least. He’d helped Dad, and Dad said he was proud of him, and even if he’d come CLOSE to an accident, he still hadn’t actually HAD one.

Emmett shivered, the last of his pee being pumped out. He zipped back up and scrubbed off his hands at the sink. He felt a bit better now, and not just because his bladder was no longer bursting.

*028*2023-11-04 20:48

Written for the Omovember prompt “Shared Desperation”

Warning for internalized homophobia.

***

Devon’s behavior had escalated after the day Emmett ‘made’ him wet his pants in the bathroom. Even though Emmett had apologized for it, even though Emmett wasn’t entirely sure how that incident had even been HIS fault. He’d tried to finish quickly so Devon could have his turn, and if Devon hadn’t been yelling at him and making it so difficult to pee, he WOULD have been out of there a lot faster.

Ever since that day, Devon had been just terrible. Even worse than usual. He threw things at Emmett if they were ever in the hallway together. He insulted him every chance he got. He was trying his best to keep Emmett for accessing the restrooms again. If Devon ever noticed him heading towards one, he’d beat him there and then refuse to let him use it.

Sometimes, Emmett would beg him, apologize over and over for the incident in the restroom that day, promise to never let it happen again. Even as he said these things, they didn’t feel right to him. Shelby and Nova had both told him he had no REASON to apologize to Devon, and he knew they were right. Devon’s accident had not been his fault.

He just thought that if he managed to APPEASE Devon, he’d be allowed to wash his hands, or use the urinal, whichever activity he was dying to do.

His apologies never did any good. If Emmett was REALLY antsy, if his hands felt super contaminated, or his bladder was throbbing heavily, he’d rush off and try to find a different restroom, but Devon would follow at his heels. If he managed to get INTO the restroom, Devon would take advantage of the lack of supervision to grab Emmett and just hold him in place. Devon was so much stronger than him, and he couldn’t wriggle free. He’d just squirm, feeling like Devon was infecting him with grime, until the bell rang and both of them needed to go to class.

At most, Emmett would have time to wash his hands off after Devon released him. But, if he also needed to pee, there was no way he could get that done without being late for class. And, he really couldn’t be late for class. There was a reason the sound of the bell was enough to get Devon to let go of him; The school had implemented a new rule to combat an apparent epidemic of tardies. Every minute late to a class would net a student fifteen minutes of after school detention.

Emmett didn’t have a license yet, much less a car. So, if he was kept after school, he’d miss the bus, and his Dad would have to drive out to get him. Emmett had NEVER gotten detention before, he just knew Dad would be so disappointed in him if that ever changed.

But, it did change. Eventually, Devon cornered Emmett in the bathroom like he always did, pinned him to the wall and held him in place as usual. The taunts began, “What’s the matter, gonna pee in your pants?”

This time, Emmett seriously thought he would. His bladder had been surging all through his first period class, scolding him for forgetting his morning pee since he’d stayed up too late studying for a test— A test which he now worried Devon was going to make him LATE for, and one which he had NO chance of passing unless he relieved himself first. He could barely concentrate on what Devon was saying to him thanks to the heinous bloat within him, he definitely wouldn’t be able to concentrate on Math…

“Ha, you ARE having an accident,” Devon smirked.

Emmett glanced down to his crotch, but he didn’t see anything. He felt stupid. He knew what was coming up next. This was a favorite game of Devon’s…

“Pfft, you fell for that again? Jeez, you can’t even tell if you’re peeing or not! What a baby…”

“Please,” Emmett winced, trying to push past the arms forcing him against the wall. He couldn’t get them to budge, though. And they felt dirty. Emmett was sure Devon had poor hygiene. Why would he make fun of him constantly for simply washing his hands, unless he just never DID it? Not to mention, Devon was somehow totally comfortable having his palms pressed flat against the wall of a public restroom, just to keep Emmett from urinating.

Emmett was miserable enough having his clothed back touching the filthy surface. He could feel the contamination seeping onto his skin through the fabric.

“I’m s—sorry,” Emmett said. “Can’t you just let me—“

“No,” Devon said. “Just pee your pants if you gotta go that badly.”

“Please—“

Devon removed one hand from the wall and Emmett tried to use the opportunity to break away and lock himself into a stall where he’d be SAFE from Devon and free to relax his bladder, but Devon moved too quickly. He slammed his free hand onto Emmett’s lower belly and pressed down.

Emmett wriggled frantically beneath the touch, legs knotting up. “Nnnnh, stoppit!” He moaned. He ACTUALLY couldn’t tell if he was peeing now, his bladder was cramping, liquid shooting against his opening. His length burned, but he couldn’t tell if that was caused by the pain or by warm liquid starting to coat it.

Devon laughed, pressed harder. “Does this hurt you?” He asked mockingly. “Do you not like this?”

“STOP!” Emmett pleaded. He was going to burst, his bladder was going to be squeezed open by Devon’s unforgiving touch, and he was going to soak his pants right before a big test. He was going to be drenched, he was going to have to walk to the nurse with an obvious pee stain running down his legs, his own bodily fluids contaminating his skin.

“Why should I?” Devon asked. “Give me one good reaso—“

RIIIING!

“Dammit,” Devon muttered, finally letting go. “This isn’t finished,” he warned as he hurried out of the room.

For a second, Emmett just stood there. The loss of the horrific pressure from Devon’s hand felt incredible. It was enough of a relief that it made him let out a slow sigh, but within seconds his bladder was sending him shooting pains again and he had to grab himself to avoid letting loose a rather insistent leak.

He was clutching his crotch, hopping up and down, and sweating with the effort to avoid an accident, even though he was now ALONE in a room filled with toilets. But, the BELL had gone off, he only had one minute left to get to class or else he was going to be late. He hadn’t used the bathroom since last night, it felt like he had an entire lake locked up in his body. No way would he empty out in under a minute.

His next class was about an hour, and even if he managed to last through it without an accident, Devon would probably follow him and try to keep him from relief again afterwards.

Emmett couldn’t go to class without peeing first. He WOULD wet his pants if he tried that. His bladder was still pulsing angrily after Devon’s torment of it. It refused to calm down all the way. Either Emmett used the toilet and let himself be a little late, or he left now and risked wetting his pants as he failed an important test because he couldn’t concentrate.

Maybe his teacher would UNDERSTAND him being a little tardy if he explained the situation. He wouldn’t mention Devon— The one time he’d tried to report Devon for bullying, all that had happened was the principal told them to try to avoid one another, which only made Devon focus on him more.

Emmett would just say “Sorry I’m late, I really needed to use the bathroom,” and hope for the best.

For now, he got himself in front of a urinal and unzipped. His bladder released the instant he’d aimed but, to his dismay, it wasn’t gushing out with the force he NEEDED it to. Instead, it was a slow, dismal trickle.

That happened occasionally. There were times where he’d get so desperate that, when he finally let it out, his holding muscles were just so shot and knotted that they wouldn’t unclench completely. So, the result was a sluggish, dribbly excuse for a ‘stream’ that barely gave him any relief. If anything, it just stung as it drizzled out.

More importantly, Emmett was in a real HURRY now. He needed his bladder to empty as fast as possible so that he WOULDN’T be super late for class. He attempted to push and get himself to drain faster, but it was no use. The irritated walls of his bladder seemed to have forgotten how to squeeze.

He even tried to ‘massage’ his bladder, running a hand against the solid, distended curve in his middle. That did nothing to speed up his flow, only made the aching in his pelvic region worsen.

When he finally managed to finish, he supposed he DID feel better. The thunderous pressure had lifted, and he wasn’t terrified of having an accident anymore.

Just like he’d tried to PEE quickly, he also tried to wash his hands quickly. But, this endeavor was no more successful than the first had been. He could still feel Devon’s grime on his skin, and he ended up needing to scrub all the way up to his elbows to silence the shouts in his head that told him he was going to get terribly sick.

By the time he’d gotten to class, he was eight minutes late, which was equal to two hours of detention. He was called to the Ms. Hancroft’s desk, whom asked him why he was late, and he tried to explain that he’d needed to pee. She asked why he’d taken so long to do that, and he hesitated. If he mentioned how Devon hadn’t ALLOWED him to go to the toilet, he doubted anything would actually happen to his bully. Devon WOULD probably be informed that he’d TOLD though and, armed with a new reason to pick on him, everything would escalate.

So, he shrugged. “I… I’m sorry,” he said softly.

“See you after school,” Ms. Hancroft told him. She handed him his test.

Emmett sat at his desk and TRIED to concentrate on the exam, but he was too nervous. His head was buzzing. He’d never had detention before, and two full hours just for relieving his bladder seemed really excessive. He debated if he should call Dad after this class finished to let him know what was going on, or if he should instead tell Shelby to inform him.

He tried to push that from his mind so he could pass this stupid test— IT was the cause of all this, anyway. If he hadn’t needed to stay up so late studying, he wouldn’t have been so tired that he’d accidentally left the house without peeing. If he’d peed before school, he wouldn’t have been needed the bathroom, he wouldn’t have gotten cornered by Devon, he wouldn’t have been SO full that he’d had no choice but to use the urinal and be late for class.

He would have been fine.

He somehow managed to finish the test, and he hoped he hadn’t done too terribly on it. Once out of the classroom, he took out his phone and called Dad.

Dad answered on the first ring. “Did something happen?” He asked. Emmett only ever used his phone at school if it was an emergency.

“I…” Emmett stammered, voice soft and timid. “I… Um… I have detention for two hours after school today. I won’t be able to take the bus. I’ll need you t—“

“What?” Dad asked. “How did— What did you do?”

“I… Uh… I forgot to go to the bathroom before leaving this morning,” Emmett said. “And… I had to go, and it made me late to class.”

“How late?”

“Eight minutes…”

“They’re giving you two hours for eight minu—“ Dad stopped. “Son, how much of that time was spent on peeing and walking to class?”

“I— I didn’t time it!” Emmett said. “But… Like I said, I hadn’t gone since last night, so it took… A bit. And my next class was a couple halls away, so—“

“How long did you wash your hands for?” Dad prompted.

“Um… I don’t know…” Emmett said. “Not too long… Definitely not as long as it took me to… Go.”

“… Okay,” Dad said. “Two hours for THIS is still ridiculous. Next time, just try to be a little faster if you can. Try to get it done before the bell rings.”

“I— Uh, I tried to but…” Emmett bit his lip. Maybe Dad would do more to help with Devon than the school was. He at least didn’t think Dad would let Devon know he’d told… “I… Did try to go before the bell rang, but there’s this guy in my class, and he—“

Before he could finish, he felt himself being shoved, his wrists being grasped and his phone getting pried away from him. “Ah—! Hey!”

Emmett spun to face Devon, whom now held his phone high above his head. Devon was significantly taller, Emmett couldn’t reach no matter how much he stretched and Devon grinned at him. “You want this?”

“Give it back!”

“Babies who go crying to Daddy shouldn’t HAVE phones,” Devon said. “They’re not old enough for them.”

“Devon—“

Devon’s smile widened, and then faster than Emmett could react, he hurled the phone against the floor as hard as he could.

“Why would you—“

Ms. Hancroft poked her head out of the classroom. “What is all this yelling about? Go to class!”

Emmett spoke without thinking “He broke my—“

Ms. Hancroft glanced down at the phone laying on the floor. “Is that yours? Give it to me,” she ordered.

Right. Emmett had to pick the phone back up. Off of the floor. The very scuffed, filthy floor that hundreds of people walked all over every day. His hands shook. He told himself to crouch down, to allow his fingers to make contact. If he was careful, maybe they wouldn’t even graze the ground as he gripped the phone.

“Well?!” Ms. Hancroft asked. “Are you going to—“

“He’s too scared,” Devon laughed. “He thinks the floor’s gonna bite him.”

“I don’t—“ Emmett whimpered. “I just— I—“ His fingers twitched, they felt itchy. His throat was constricting as well.

“Just pick it up,” Ms. Hancroft said, rolling her eyes. “What’s the matter with you today?”

‘What’s the matter with you?’

Emmett had heard those words so many times. Whenever he couldn’t force himself to touch something, whenever he scrubbed his hands and caused the chapped skin to begin bleeding again, whenever he really lost it and started to hyperventilate for seemingly no reason.

He knew what people saw when they looked at him… He knew they saw an escaped mental patient.

He managed to bend down a little. When he grasped his phone, the very tips of his fingers brushed against the dirty floor. Instantly, he felt contaminated. He felt the grime moving up his fingers, through his hands, all the way across his arm. He felt it seeping through his skin— he knew it didn’t work that way, but it still FELT like it did.

“Give it,” Ms. Hancroft repeated, her hand open.

Emmett passed it to her. She turned it over, revealing the utterly shattered screen. “Devon, did you do this?”

“No.”

“I’m sure Emmett did not throw his own phone on the floor.”

“He dropped it.”

“I heard it being thrown,” Ms. Hancroft said. “You know what? You can join him in detention— Two hours after school.”

So… Devon got the EXACT same punishment for busting a five hundred dollar phone that Emmett had gotten for needing to pee. Emmett didn’t see how that was in any way fair.

Worse, now that Emmett had gotten Devon into trouble, he knew to expect even more tormenting.

When Ms. Hancroft gave him his phone back, he wondered if his Dad was still on the line. Now that it had been on the floor, he knew that he wouldn’t be able to put the thing near his mouth until he’d sterilized it. He’d have to put Dad on speaker…

But, a moment later he realized that it didn’t matter. The phone had shut off and refused to turn back on. Devon had done more damage than just destroying the screen, he’d broken it completely.

Emmett had to hurry to his next class to avoid being late again. He had no time to wash his hands off, even though they felt infected right down to the bone. He was able to use hand-sanitizer, but that wasn’t ENOUGH. He needed scalding hot water, and lots of it, before he’d be able to feel clean again.

During lunch, he managed to scrub himself properly. He felt a little better, but only by a smidge. Dad was going to be absolutely furious. Not only had he gotten detention, he’d broken his expensive phone. Dad was going to have to drive over here to pick him up. Dad was going to have to help him pay for a replacement phone. Emmett wished he could stop screwing up…

He COULDN’T stop screwing up.

By the end of the school day, Emmett had to use the toilet once again. Urgently, too. His bladder had a really annoying habit of filling itself up faster when he was anxious— And he’d spent the majority of today with his nerves shot to Hell.

All through his last class, he’d been staring at the clock, willing it to move faster but frightened of what would happen when the bell finally rang. He didn’t know how detention worked, if he’d be allowed to leave the room for an ‘emergency’… He didn’t want to take the risk. No way could he hold it for two more hours, he was ripping apart at the seams already. He would NEED to pee before going to the detention room.

But, Devon was in this class with him, and was FURIOUS with him. Emmett expected the guy to follow him from the classroom and, once he saw him try to duck into a restroom, he would grab him and refuse to let him use it. Just like always.

Emmett was trying not to squirm. If Devon noticed, he’d know he had to pee, he’d know to follow him and prevent him from doing so. Emmett HAD to squirm, though! His thigh muscles were trembling, his back stiff as a board.

At last, the class ended. Emmett gingerly got to his feet and slowly walked for the door. He had to move carefully so as not to disturb the engorged organ in his midsection. He had to move casually, or as Devon would know…

He got to the door, out of Devon’s sight, and bolted. He decided to head for a bathroom that was further away from this class. Devon wouldn’t expect that. He went down a few hallways, his bladder angrily protesting each and every one of his steps. When he finally saw the door he wanted at the end of the hall, he picked up his pace.

He was just barely past Ms. Hancroft’s classroom when she opened the door. “Where are you going?” She asked.

“N—Need the bathroom,” Emmett said. “I’ll be right back.”

“I’ve heard that excuse before,” Ms. Hancroft said. “Get in here.”

“It’s not an ex-excuse, I really do have to—“

“Really. Two ‘emergencies’ in one day? You expect me to believe that?”

Emmett didn’t understand that logic. His first emergency had been hours ago now. It wasn’t as though his kidneys STOPPED making urine once he’d already been desperate enough times. His body wasn’t going to decide ‘Oh, guess he’s been through enough now. Better knock it off.’ He shifted between his feet, lip caught between his teeth. “I’m serious,” he said. “I’m r—really sorry, I promise I’ll be fast.”

“Get in here,” Ms. Hancroft repeated. “If you really need the bathroom, you can use it in two hours.”

Emmett didn’t think he could LAST two hours!

He didn’t know what else he could do, though. He wished he was more like Shelby. If Shelby were in his position right now, she’d say “Fuck you, I’m not gonna sit there and wet my pants,” before storming off.

Emmett… Couldn’t do things like that. No matter how desperately he needed to…

So, obediently, he entered the room that was going to be his prison for the next couple hours. He sat at a desk, fanning his knees in and out. Maybe if he focused on something else, the time would pass quickly. Yeah, he’d read or get started on homework, or… Anything that would take his mind off of his roiling bladder.

Ms. Hancroft went to the door again. Emmett overheard her talking to Devon. “You aren’t skipping out on this. Get in here.”

Emmett bounced his knees as he stared at the clock. He swore it was broken. The second hand was jerking forwards way too slowly. Surely he’d been sitting here, holding back his flood, for at least ten minutes already— It couldn’t have only been fifteen seconds! Ah, he had to—

“I really have to pee first,” Devon’s voice.

Ms. Hancroft snorted. “Did you two coordinate this? You both have the same excuse. I’m not falling for it. Sit down.”

Emmett stopped squirming for a second, paying closer attention. Did Devon ACTUALLY have to go? Would he be able to tend to his need in the way Emmett hadn’t been? Emmett expected Devon to be more willing to tell Ms. Hancroft off, use the bathroom whether she gave him permission to or not.

It seemed he WAS going to do exactly that. “No,” Devon said. “I have to use the bathroom.”

“No, you don’t,” Ms. Hancroft said. “Get back here. If you walk away from me, you’ll have detention for the rest of the week.”

Apparently, the threat was too much for Devon, because a minute later he’d joined Emmett in the classroom, sitting as far away from him as he could possibly get. Not that Emmett MINDED that, he didn’t want Devon near him anyway.

Looking at his bully, Emmett thought that maybe he really did have to go. He hadn’t noticed it in class earlier, but Devon was a lot more antsy than usual, shifting from side to side in his seat, tapping his feet, adjusting his pants. He definitely didn’t look comfortable.

Emmett couldn’t find it in him to feel any sympathy for Devon. He actually TRIED to, but there was nothing there. Even as Emmett suffered the brutal throbs of his own bursting bladder, he still wasn’t able to conjure up any empathy for Devon. Not even being in the same awful situation as him could make Emmett feel bad.

But, Emmett DID sort of feel bad for… Not feeling bad. He thought it was pretty obvious that both him and Devon were in dire need of a bathroom break, neither of them was able to hold still. Ms. Hancroft SHOULD allow them to go, and Emmett SHOULD feel sorry for Devon that she’d refused him.

He just… Couldn’t do it, and guilt knotted up his chest as a result. The sensation managed to distract him from his bladder for a moment, but quickly that fizzled away to be replaced by the relentless pounding of his ever-worsening need.

All he could think about was peeing, and of how angry Dad was going to be when he came to get him. The detention was already bad enough, but he’d failed to finish his phone call with him and gotten his phone broken on top of that. He was going to be in so much trouble. None of this would have even happened if he’d just remembered to use the toilet before leaving that morning!

If he’d only done that, he wouldn’t have been so desperate that he made himself late to class. He wouldn’t have needed to call Dad and give Devon the opportunity to break his phone. His holding muscles wouldn’t have gotten so tired out that he was now, once again, struggling not to pee on himself.

Emmett looked back up at the clock, dismayed to see that only a handful of minutes had passed. He didn’t think it was possible for him to last two hours this way. He couldn’t allow any part of his lower body to relax even slightly. If he let any of the knots unwind or loosen, he knew he’d spill. He wriggled in his seat, feet dragging against the floor as he clutched at himself.

Ms. Hancroft looked up from her own desk, glaring down at his bouncing, crossing feet. “No foot-tapping. You’re supposed to stay silent.”

Emmett hadn’t realized that his squirms were producing any noise. He tried to hold himself still, but could only manage it for a couple seconds before he felt a burst of heat spurt from his tip and wet the insides of his boxers. Immediately, his frenzied motions resumed. He couldn’t help it. His bladder had taken complete control, and it didn’t care about being silent.

“Shhh!” Ms. Hancroft told him sternly.

Emmett didn’t even try to still himself again. The hold he had over his bladder was so precarious, he had to do everything he could to keep it from breaking open and shooting its contents down his legs. The hiss of his stream angrily pounding out of him, and the splash of it striking the ground, would be way louder than any foot-tapping.

His heart was already thundering at the horror of feeling so far beyond his limit, and the very real possibility that he may begin flooding his clothes with his own revolting bodily fluids. His heartbeat was amplified in his ears when Ms. Hancroft stood from her desk and approached him. “You need to stop making noise,” she told him. “I know you’ve never had detention before, but this room is to stay silent until you’re dismissed.”

Emmett rubbed his ankles together, squeezing himself harder, attempting to pinch his aching urethra shut, but there was still SO much pressure right at the tip, so eager to trickle out… “I’m sorry, I just really need to use the bathroom… Please, can I go?”

Ms. Hancroft rolled her eyes as she shook her head. “We’ve already discussed this. I’m sure it’s not a coincidence that both you and Devon are suddenly having these terrible emergencies at the same time detention is starting.”

Emmett didn’t understand how she could look at him right now and NOT realize that his bladder was close to splitting him open. As embarrassing as it was, he knew all the uncontrollable squirming, bouncing and holding made him into the picture of desperation. “I really have to go, I promise. I’ll come right back when I’m done.”

“You have one hour and fifty minutes left,” Ms. Hancroft informed. “Even if you DO need to visit the toilet, you’re old enough to wait that long.”

Emmett wasn’t sure what his age had to do with it. His bladder had a limited capacity and, right now, it was full. No matter how old he was, it could still overflow if he continued to be denied access to the toilet. “But, I—“

“Sit there,” Ms. Hancroft said. “Get started on some of your homework.”

Emmett HAD wanted to do that as a form of distraction, anyway. Though, he wasn’t sure if he could remove one of his hands from his crotch for long enough to actually write anything. He retrieved his Math book, a sheet of paper and a pencil, and just the few seconds it took to do that made his abdomen throb more strongly. Once everything was out, his hand went right back to between his legs, his bladder demanding that he resume his double-handed grip.

As Emmett tried to gain enough control over himself to actually start his homework, Devon jiggled his knees and stared at the clock. Unlike Emmett, he’d served detention before. But, he’d never had to sit through it while THIS desperate to pee. He’d realized during his last class of the day that he actually hadn’t used the restroom since that morning, and that his bladder was none too pleased with him for that. He’d been sure that he’d be able to relieve himself before coming here, and was furious with Ms. Hancroft for not allowing it.

He could tell Emmett was in a similar situation. Emmett wasn’t doing much to CONCEAL that after all, both hands wedged firmly between his thighs as he constantly shifted in all directions. Devon was trying not to watch him, knowing that Emmett’s utter urgency could rub off on him. Devon thought HE might be able to last until the end of detention, whereas he gave Emmett about twenty more minutes before he soaked himself.

It was difficult not to pay attention, though. They way Emmett was moving was kind of like watching an on-coming car-wreck. It was so obvious that a disaster was about to take place.

Devon ALWAYS tried not to notice Emmett. He really, really did. Even when they WEREN’T both desperate to pee, Devon just hated looking at him. He had ever since the fifth grade. He hated having to see him. It pissed him off.

Emmett didn’t USED to annoy him so much. Up until they were ten, Devon really HADN’T ever noticed him, or thought twice about him. He was just… There, just one of the people he went to school with. But, in fifth grade, that was when it changed. Devon had been bored in class and just kind of looking around, day-dreaming, and then he’d seen Emmett and he’d thought to himself ‘He’s kind of cute.’

Revulsion had filled his chest at his own thoughts. Revulsion and terror. He’d looked away, staring out at everyone else, certain that somehow they’d been able to read his mind, that they knew that he’d just thought something disgusting.

Then, the thoughts just kept coming. Every day. Every time he saw Emmett, he’d have those thoughts, and a confused mix of feelings that left him nauseated. Devon never told anyone. He knew what his parents would do. He knew they’d be even more appalled by him than he was by himself. They’d made that clear just from how they talked about the gay couple that lived a block away from them.

Devon did not like Emmett, because he could not like Emmett.

He told himself that if he ignored them, the thoughts would go away. They didn’t. They just got worse. And, in sixth grade when Emmett spoke to him one day, the most horrible thing of all happened. His body did something it never had before, something uncomfortable, embarrassing, and wrong. He’d hidden it and run to the restroom. He hated himself, he was gross, he was a degenerate, he did not belong in society. That was what his parents said about their neighbors, so that meant all of those things applied to him, too.

He wasn’t supposed to feel that way. It was all Emmett’s fault. If he weren’t around, Devon wouldn’t HAVE those reprehensible thoughts. Devon would be normal. What was Emmett’s problem, anyway? Why did he have to act timid and cute? He was acting like a girl, that was probably what had confused Devon, that was why the idea of kissing him was so appealing. Emmett KNEW what he was doing, he was trying to pervert Devon, make him feel things that he normally wouldn’t, things that he SHOULDN’T.

He hated Emmett.

But, the thoughts wouldn’t go away. Every time he got too close to him, the thoughts would emerge. And Devon would just get so enraged that he NEEDED to hurt Emmett for making him feel the way he did. If he just hurt Emmett badly enough, it would go away.

It hadn’t yet.

And now he was having trouble looking away from him again. Emmett was being so irritating, fidgeting like crazy, letting out all those choppy, pained breaths, face flushed with sweat and embarrassment. Devon hoped Emmett hurried up and pissed his pants soon, he was tired of seeing that pathetic look on his face. Once he peed himself, he was going to start crying though. He always cried when stuff like that happened, he was so weak and sensitive. He wasn’t manly at all— That was why he’d confused Devon. Devon knew he liked girls, Emmett just acted too much like a girl was all.

Devon couldn’t name even one girl that he’d ever had a thing for.

He’d tried going after Shelby once, which he’d scornfully admitted to himself was purely because she LOOKED a bit like Emmett. It hadn’t even worked out, she’d just punched him after barely even one full conversation and told him never to speak to her again.

If Emmett hadn’t confused him, Devon was sure there would be tons of girls he liked. Emmett had infected him, and that was even more frustrating. The guy spent so much time cleaning himself and obsessing over germs, yet he’d STILL made Devon sick.

Devon KNEW it was a disease that he had. His parents always said that their neighbors had a disease, and that there were cures for it, but their neighbors just hadn’t worked hard enough to heal themselves. Devon was trying to heal himself, he was trying as hard as he could to destroy the person that had done this to him, so he could get better.

Emmett let out a whimpering moan and bounced a few more times in his seat. Devon’s own bladder shuddered, and his legs wound themselves more tautly together. He groaned as well, eyes squeezing closed. He hoped that, when Emmett pissed his pants, it didn’t lead to any sort of ‘chain reaction’ in him. Devon was beginning to actually DOUBT his ability to wait until detention was over, he didn’t think he’d be able to make it if he had to listen to Emmett’s stream flooding out.

Devon reached down and held onto himself, gnashing his teeth together. He tried not to freak out. It wasn’t like he’d never been desperate at school before. This wasn’t even the worst bout he’d ever suffered. That had to go to the day Emmett had made him piss himself, and given him one MORE reason to despise him. It wasn’t even JUST that he’d caused Devon to have an accident, it was that he’d APOLOGIZED afterwards. That had made Devon’s anger go from a simmer to an inferno.

What kind of moron saw the person that tormented them every day standing there in soaked pants and then just APOLOGIZED? A normal person would laugh— Devon would have been far less mad if Emmett had laughed. But, oh no, he couldn’t be fucking normal. He had to be this… sickeningly sweet, kindhearted, little— God, Devon hated him so much!

He needed to stop thinking about that day. Because, now he wasn’t JUST thinking about how infuriating Emmett was, he was also remembering how… How fucking GOOD it had felt to pee after spending so much time with his bladder stretched to the limit. Oh, that had been so… He’d never had to pee that bad before, and for the first few seconds, before he’d realized that he was having an accident, he’d been in total bliss.

His bladder throbbed and cramped harshly, begging to be allowed to feel that way again right now. It would serve Ms. Hancroft RIGHT to have one of the chairs here drenched in piss. It would be all HER fault. He’d told her he needed to pee, he’d been VERY clear that it was an emergency…

The idea of deliberately letting it out was very tempting. But, Devon knew better than to allow it to come to fruition. Emmett was still here, and instead of laughing he’d apologize again, probably while wetting his own pants since the sound of Devon’s accident would be unbearable to him. Just… Just one more reminder of what a nice, charming, merciful little wretch he was. Then, when Devon got HOME—

Emmett squeaked suddenly. There was no other way to describe the pained, horrified noise that shot out of his mouth. “Ah—!”

Ms. Hancroft stood again, looking angrily in his direction. “Quiet!” She reminded him yet again.

“I—I’m sorry…” Emmett whimpered, making Devon’s blood boil again. Why was he LIKE that?! A normal person would yell at Ms. Hancroft, demand the toilet, call her a bitch. Devon couldn’t even imagine Emmett swearing, he was too fucking tender and soft, it made him SICK.

“Shhh,” Ms. Hancroft hushed him.

“I— I think I’m going to—“ Emmett’s voice was just getting softer and softer. He was trembling, his eyes were welling up. “H—How much longer? I still— I really have to use the—“

“One more hour,” Ms. Hancroft said. “Can we drop this now? You don’t need the bathroom.”

Emmett flinched and went silent again. Another hour of this? He was amazed he’d made it through ONE. He could feel how sodden the crotch of his pants was, could feel the clammy sensation against his bare hands, could feel droplets oozing into his palms… It was so disgusting, he felt filthy, he wanted to let go so that his hands would STOP being contaminated every time his bladder spasmed, but they were the only things keeping his ocean at bay anymore. Every time he attempted to loosen his hold, pee trickled out straight away. He NEEDED to keep his opening pinched closed, it was the only thing stopping every drop from blasting out in a pressurized rush.

He wasn’t going to make it. He’d explode. He really, really, really had to go. He had only managed to do a single problem on his Math homework before his bladder had shuddered with sick violence, demanding BOTH hands be placed back on his dick, and his full attention being granted to the task of keeping his urine where it belonged.

Even IF he made it to the end of this next hour, he’d still have to stand up. He’d have to run down the hallway, he’d have to get TO the restroom, open the door, hope Devon didn’t try to stop him— because if Devon pinned him down and pushed on his bladder again now, he would explode instantaneously. He’d have to make it to a urinal, unzip his pants… It was too much. He’d never manage it all in time.

On a whim, he decided that it might help if he crossed ONE of those things off his list early. If he unzipped his pants NOW, then all he’d need to do was pull his cock free right away. If he did it NOW, he wouldn’t have to fight with the zipper while bouncing up and down in front of a urinal. Most of his worst leaks happened when trying to undo his pants while looking at a toilet. If he didn’t need to deal with it this time, maybe he’d have a SLIGHTLY better chance of not completely drenching himself.

He quickly released his dick, liquid immediately dribbling out now that nothing was pressing it inside him. As fast as he could, he yanked down his zipper and shoved his hands back into place. His pants being open gave him another advantage he hadn’t anticipated. He reached inside them, past the opening of his boxers, and grasped himself properly, no fabric barriers between his hands and the pipe his urine was fighting so desperately to flow through.

The more stable grip on his member made him feel slightly more in control of himself. It felt utterly gross and dirty to be touching that area of his body in public, but no one knew what he was doing and he was going to wash himself thoroughly as soon as his bladder was finally empty. Right now, he just had to make sure he didn’t wet himself.

Devon was struggling more now as well. The sweat running off his forehead was starting to blur his vision, since he couldn’t move his hands away from his dick to wipe his eyes. A few more seconds passed, and he felt his first leak ooze out, followed immediately by another, and then another. After a fourth leak, his involuntary releases transformed into a more consistent stream and he felt his crotch growing damp and warm. He strained, bucking against his clenched hands and moaning out; “Come ON! I’m going to wet my freaking pants! Let me use the toilet!”

Ms. Hancroft stood abruptly, scooting her chair back so hard that it screeched against the floor. “Devon, that kind of language is not appreciated. Especially since you aren’t supposed to be speaking at all.”

“Do you want me to pee on the floor?” Devon demanded. “Because that’s what’s gonna happen.”

“Oh, I doubt that,” Ms. Hancroft said dismissively. “Like I already told Emmett, it’s time to drop this. Neither of you is going to the bathroom, you don’t need it. Be mature and sit quietly until I dismiss you.”

When she was partway back to her desk, Devon muttered “Bitch…” because he was NORMAL and didn’t take this kind of shit laying down like some whimpering, gentle puppy. Like Emmett.

Ms. Hancroft froze in her tracks. “WHAT was that?”

Devon didn’t hesitate. She knew what he’d said. No point in denying it. “I said that you’re a bitch.”

“That’s what I THOUGHT,” Ms. Hancroft snapped. “You just bought yourself and Emmett another thirty minutes.”

“WHAT?!” Emmett cried out. How was that fair?! He hadn’t called her anything!

“Don’t pretend you haven’t been part of this too, Emmett,” Ms. Hancroft said. “I’ve had to tell you to be quiet plenty of times.”

“But I didn’t call you—“

“You’ve been just as disruptive,” Ms. Hancroft insisted. “Now, do you want to keep it at JUST thirty minutes, or do you want to keep arguing with me?”

Emmett said nothing, and fought not to cry as he was forced to accept that he was DEFINITELY going to wet his pants. Another thirty minutes would kill him for sure. His bladder couldn’t last that long, no matter what he did or how hard he tried to hold it back. It struck him that nothing was physically PREVENTING him from leaving this room. The door wasn’t locked, and Ms. Hancroft wasn’t some kind of otherworldly demon capable of erecting invisible forcefields. Emmett was capable of exiting the room, going to the toilet as fast as his distended, waterlogged body would let him, peeing out the barrel of liquid he was struggling to contain…

But, he really WASN’T capable of doing that. He’d get a worse punishment, he’d probably have another detention tomorrow. Even if he came straight back, like he’d promised over and over because ALL he had to do was relieve his bladder— Please, please, for the love of God just let him pee, please…

He realized he WAS crying now, tears burning the corners of his eyes before silently rolling down his cheeks. He couldn’t move his hands to brush them away. He wasn’t sure if he was tearing up from the frustration of it all, or from just how bad everything was starting to hurt. He had to pee so much that he was getting dizzy, his heart pounding so hard in his chest that it was painful. He could feel his pulse racing, the sensations that came right before he had a panic attack.

A panic attack would guarantee an accident, and Devon would just love the Hell out of that. He thought it was hilarious when Emmett ‘freaked out’ and panicked. He thought it was hilarious when Emmett wet himself. When both those things happened at once, Devon found it hysterical. Emmett would never hear the end of it…

That made him cry more, made his chest tighten more, he knew that if he didn’t soothe himself somehow it was only a matter of seconds before he was a shaking, hyperventilating mess and piss was exploding out of him uncontrollably.

He had to breathe, had to remember how. Deep breaths, deep, slow breaths. They slowed his heart’s rapid fire beats but they stretched the skin over his swollen bladder so painfully. Every exhale made him dribble, but the panic was ebbing somewhat. Some control was coming back, his vision was clearing. ‘Calm, calm… Please, try to calm down…’ he thought. ‘Stay calm, please… Don’t freak out, don’t pee, don’t— Please, please let me pee, I can’t hold it, I need to pee now, please— Just— Just calm down. No peeing. No panicking.’

While Emmett tried not to lose all control over himself, Devon was doing much the same thing. His bladder felt seconds away from erupting like a geyser. Time was moving in a strange, fragmented way, and he had no idea how much longer he still had to wait. Now that he’d gotten an extra half hour tacked onto their punishment, he too was positive that an accident was inevitable. He just— He couldn’t take much more of the pressure. His bladder was in agony. His whole body was in agony. If he didn’t pee soon, he was probably going to just… Die, or something.

Another leak, then another, and another. He was peeing— Having an accident— But not in full force by any means. He needed to completely open the floodgates, piss like crazy, letting out a fucking fire-hose of pure, blissful, orgasmic relief. The knowledge of what awaited him at home if he came back drenched was the only thing keeping him from giving up altogether. The only thing preventing him from just admitting defeat and letting go, giving over to the ecstasy of release.

Devon heard the classroom door opening. A short blond man walked in. Devon didn’t recognize him, but when he opened his mouth and spoke, he knew who he must have been. “Hey, son. Why are you still here? You said two hours, right?”

Before Emmett could tell his father anything, Ms. Hancroft informed; “He and Devon both earned another half hour, you can go wait for him somewhere else.”

Emmett’s dad didn’t leave right away, though. “Why an extra half hour, if you don’t mind me asking?”

“Well, that one swore at me,” Ms. Hancroft pointed to Devon. “And the other wouldn’t stop asking to go to the bathroom.”

Emmett’s dad looked at his son, whom by that point was half-way out of his chair, legs knotted up as he swayed restlessly and dug his hands firmly between his writhing thighs. “I see you didn’t let him,” he said.

“He doesn’t need to,” Ms. Hancroft explained. “He’s trying to leave early.”

“That doesn’t sound like my son… He’s only HERE to begin with because he needed the bathroom, isn’t he?”

“He’s here because he was late,” Ms. Hancroft corrected. “Even IF he was late because he was using the toilet— which I doubt— that isn’t an excuse.”

“I’m sure he DID need to go, I know my son,” Emmett’s dad said. “He doesn’t skip class. I’m going to be taking him home now.”

“He still has—“

“He HAS to use the bathroom,” Emmett’s dad interrupted. “Frankly, it’s ridiculous that basically ANY time I hear about him being in trouble at school, it’s over THIS. Don’t you have better things to do with your time here? I’m concerned about how much he’s actually being taught when it sounds like more focus is put on making sure that he— a legal adult, I might add— isn’t allowed to use the toilet when he needs to.”

“If you take him now, he will have to serve the rest of his time tomor—“

“No,” Emmett’s dad said. “If he receives any more detentions for needing the bathroom, he won’t be serving them. I’m done with this. Come on, son.”

Emmett tried to get all the way onto his feet, but— Ahhh, it just hurt so much, it was so bad— All he could manage was a half hunched over posture and when he walked his knees rubbed together. His hands were still pressed at his crotch.

Devon watched Emmett leave with his father. A rage boiled in him. He was… Overcome with envy. And it wasn’t even just because Emmett was getting to relieve his bladder now, while HE had to keep holding it. Devon knew his own dad would NEVER do anything like that. The day he’d wet himself while in line for the toilet, when he’d come home and hadn’t been able to hide his soaked clothes fast enough, his dad had beaten the absolute SHIT out of him for being too damn weak to make it to the toilet in time.

Emmett’s dad just fucking CODDLED him when he had emergencies. It was disgusting.

***

“Okay, okay…” Dad said as they finally reached the door to the room Emmett needed so badly. He sounded as relieved as Emmett felt, which made his son blush. It was obvious Dad had been concerned that he wouldn’t make it all the way down the hall in time.

Emmett shoved open the door and frantically rushed for the closest urinal. He was SO glad he’d unzipped his pants already, because he was already gushing as he fumbled himself out of them. His stream blasted the porcelain with a loud, amazingly satisfying hiss. His breathing slowed down as the awful pressure eased and faded away into nothingness. Lightness overtook him, a floaty feeling encompassing his whole body.

When he was finally done, he zipped his pants back up and cringed at how clammy, cold and gross they felt. He was glad he was going straight home after this, he needed to shower and get changed. He scrubbed his hands at the sink, the water as hot as he could stand it. They still felt unclean when he was done, the memory of the small gushes of pee flowing into his palms still fresh in his mind.

When he left the restroom, he blushed more. It was embarrassing to have his Dad see him so desperately full like that…

“Made it?” Dad asked.

Reddening even further, Emmett nodded. “I’m really sorry…”

Dad shook his head. “You were punished for needing to pee— Something you can’t even HELP doing.” He was getting quite worried about his son and daughter at school. If they weren’t allowed to use the toilet when they needed to, and apparently it didn’t matter how blatantly desperate they were, that was going to be problematic.

Emmett had had TWO emergencies today. While the first one had been due to him skipping his morning pee, the second one had taken place just a few hours after he’d last gone. His Dad was accustomed to how often he usually needed to pee before it got urgent, and that was a lot faster than usual.

He knew MUCH better than to actually SAY anything about this to his anxious, hypochondriac son, but he was a little worried that the number of times he’d been denied the toilet at school had done something to his bladder.

They drove home, and Dad asked Emmett what had happened during their phone call, why it had suddenly disconnected. Emmett was forced to admit that his phone had gotten broken. “This guy took it from me and threw it on the ground,” he explained. “It got shattered. I’m sorry.”

Dad frowned. “Who?” He asked. “He, or his parents, can pay for a new one.”

Emmett hesitated. “Don’t go to his parents, he’ll just get mad.”

“…Is someone bullying you?”

“A little,” Emmett said. “He just doesn’t like me. He’s hated me since fifth grade, but when I tell people, it just gets worse, so—“

“This has been happening for YEARS? Why haven’t you said anything?”

“I already TOLD you, whenever I tell anyone, he gets worse!” Emmett said. “I don’t know WHY he hates me, but he does. I’m just waiting to graduate so we don’t have to see each other anymore.”

***

Devon did manage to wait until detention was finally over. He made it to a urinal and relieved himself at last, but the relief was bittersweet. His pants were visibly damp, a tell-tale wet spot prominent over his crotch. He hoped he’d be able to hide it from Dad at home until he was able to get changed. He knew there would be Hell to pay if it got noticed.

*035*2023-11-13 22:41

Written for the Omovember prompt "Blocked Path To The Bathroom".

***

Emmett could not let go of his crotch if his life depended on it. If he eased his grip even a little, he would lose all ability to hold it in. He was starting to forget what it felt like to not need to pee. He’d been restraining his bladder for so long that his need was the only thing on his mind. His watch was laying on the bed beside him, its screen illuminated by a small LED. It was midnight, hours to go until morning.

Perhaps, when the sun started to rise, he’d be able to leave this cabin and take the long walk to the building that housed the toilets.

Hopefully, he wasn’t even the only person wriggling around frantically, hoping that the night would pass quickly. He doubted he would be…

He was on an overnight camping trip with his class. It was a nice place to do it, he supposed. The cabins were better than tents, he was able to sleep in an actual bed instead of in a sack on the ground. So long as he didn’t think about how long it had been since the sheets were last washed, or who had used them last, he could handle it.

Plus, the restrooms across the clearing had perfectly functional showers. He hadn’t felt totally comfortable with them, he’d been incapable of removing his flip-flops inside the stall to allow his bare feet against the floor, and it felt weird to finish showering and then walk around outside to get back to where his bed was. But, it was WAY better than not being able to wash off at all after a long day outdoors.

He just wished he’d relieved himself while he’d been in that building. He’d meant to, and he’d even TRIED to, but the stalls were REALLY gross, and the urinal was just this big, long trough where he had to stand shoulder to shoulder with the other guys in his class. Emmett didn’t get pee-shy THAT often, but with zero privacy and the others being kind of loud, he couldn’t go at all.

Eventually, he realized he’d been standing there for way too long, and worried someone else had noticed that he hadn’t begun to pee, so he nervously put his member back away, bladder still full.

And, he’d thought that would be fine. He’d go back to the cabin for a while, then try the urinal again once he was sure everyone would be in bed. As soon as the lights were out, Emmett went to the door of the cabin, pulled it open and—

Bears.

An ENORMOUS black bear had come out of the woods and was just laying in the middle of the clearing, alongside three smaller ones. They were separating Emmett’s cabin from the restroom he needed so much.

He was not afraid of walking around outside in the dark.

He was VERY afraid of having to get past a mother bear and her three cubs. He wouldn’t know what to do if the thing woke up. They were wild animals, they wouldn’t behave anything like his dog at home did. If he told one to stay down, it would probably just bite his arm off. And if the mother thought he was somehow a threat to the cubs, he’d be dead within seconds.

So, his choices were as follows: One, he could sit in the cabin and TRY to hold it until either the bears left on their own, or were scared off when more people started to wake up and make noise. Or, two, he could literally go risking his life just so he could empty his bladder.

He chose option one, but his body kept screaming at him to give option two a try anyway. He kept needing to force away the irrational idea. Even if he went past the bears as quietly as possible and all of them stayed asleep, it would be so scary and panic-inducing. Sheer terror and an EXTREMELY full bladder wouldn’t mix well, he’d have an accident, the smell would be enough to get the bears’ attention, and he’d get eaten alive while covered in pee.

He wasn’t going out there unless the bears were gone.

Emmett was sharing a cabin with Dad and Shelby. He wished Nova were there as well. Nova couldn’t win a fight against a bunch of bears, she wouldn’t be able to do anything to get him OUT of his current nightmare, but he thought she’d at least be able to comfort him.

He hadn’t been allowed to stay with Nova, though. Nova was in a different cabin, with other girls. They’d only let him and Shelby stay together because they were siblings. Waking Shelby up for some comfort and support wouldn’t be very helpful, she’d probably just tease him. And Dad shared his Insomnia, so he just didn’t WANT to wake him when he had managed to fall asleep.

He turned onto his other side, facing the wooden wall of the cabin and biting down hard on his lip. He didn’t WANT to think about how long it had been since he’d last urinated, but he did it anyway. He’d avoided the restrooms here up until it was time to shower, and had failed to pee during that trip out there. The last time he’d let out a drop had been that morning, before leaving home.

He’d held it all through the drive to the campground, all through their activities for the day, all through his shower, all through his walk back to his cabin, and now he was STILL holding it, and he felt like he’d blow at any second. He shuddered at the thought that he may not be able to go outside until morning. That would be twenty-four hours without a toilet break. He’d never waited that long before, he didn’t even know if it was possible. Could ANYBODY do that? A whole day without relief.

Ohhh, why hadn’t he just stayed in front of the urinal until his bladder decided to cooperate? Why had he let himself start worrying about his classmates noticing how he was having trouble? Why hadn’t he just used a stall when he realized the urinal was too awkward for him? Hell, why hadn’t he just done it in the shower? He had NEVER pissed in the shower in his life, the idea of it was so gross that it made his skin crawl, but it hadn’t been HIS shower, AND he’d been wearing flip-flops! It wouldn’t have been SO terrible, right?

It certainly wouldn’t have been as awful as what he was dealing with now… He whimpered as he climbed out of his bed again, hands pressed firmly against his opening as he delicately hobbled to the door. ‘Please,’ he thought. ‘Please just go somewhere else, bears…’

He cracked it open.

They were still there. He noticed one of their ears flick slightly and quickly shut the door again. He bent forwards at the knees, tightening his hold on himself as he sucked in a sharp breath. He’d given up all hope of actually going to sleep tonight. If he relaxed any of his muscles, he was gonna pee. His pajama pants would be soaked through in an instant, warm fluid gushing down his legs in long, sticky trails that made him shudder with revulsion at his own body’s uncontainable functions.

“Hold it…” Emmett hissed softly. “Just hold it…” A droplet formed at his urethra, seeping gently into his boxers. He felt the small bit of heat brushing against his tip, teasing his body and making it all the more determined to send the rest spraying out of him. A longer, thicker leak spurted forth, audibly wetting fabric. He grimaced, feeling the sodden patch over his crotch, his hands were touching his pee, but if he moved them away that would be it, his legs and the floor around him would be flooded. “Hold it, hold it… Pleaaaaase hold it…” He gritted his teeth, trying to stay silent. If he woke Dad up, it would take him forever to get back to sleep. If he woke Shelby up, she’d tease him endlessly.

The pressure was starting to drive him a little nuts, because now one of the corners in the cabin was starting to look a LOT like relief. The walls were wood, the floor was bare concrete. It would be… Sort of like going on a tree, right? Just, a tree that had gotten cut down and turned on its side? He’d gushed against trees before, and that wasn’t his PREFERRED place to pee, but it was always okay to do…

But, he knew there would be a huge stain left on the wall, a puddle pooling on the floor, and come morning, the bears would be gone, and his teachers wouldn’t believe him when he tried to explain why he’d had no CHOICE but to empty his bladder right there.

Maybe the bears were already gone…?

Hopeful, he turned around to open the door once more.

Nope. Still there. One of the cubs was sitting up. He swore it was glancing across the clearing to stare at him. His spine tingled. He hoped the cub didn’t think he looked like a good late-night-snack…

The cub got up, walked a few steps away from the others, but luckily it wasn’t coming closer to Emmett. He watched as the bear started to—

He’d… Always thought bears lifted their legs to do that like dogs did, apparently not, they just kinda stood there… ‘Freaking show-off…’ he thought as the bear pissed. He swore, the thing had somehow RECOGNIZED what he needed to do while it had been staring at him. It KNEW Emmett needed a bathroom NOW, it KNEW that it was preventing him from reaching the only one around here, and it was trying to TAUNT him.

Emmett shut the door and reminded himself that an animal wouldn’t be capable of thinking all THAT through. But, he could be wrong. His dog seemed to toy with him like that sometimes too… Raptor was an enormous Great Dane, so when he was brought out on walks, if he wanted to stop for a while, there was little Emmett could do to change his mind. And, sometimes it seemed like Raptor could just TELL when Emmett REALLY had to get back home right away. More than once, Emmett had caught himself mumbling “Come ON, I’m not like you! I can’t just pee on every bush in the neighborhood!”

And, he swore, Raptor would look back and almost smile at him, like he thought it was funny…

Was he imagining things, or had that bear gotten a bit of a glint in its eye before it decided to pee in front of him?

Ugh, yeah, the desperation was driving him nuts.

Or maybe that bear just genuinely hated him for some reason.

He sat down beside the door and started to rock back and forth, hands still wrapped around his dick. It felt like the liquid was rising up all the way to his chest. Every bit of him was bloated, flooded with pee and nowhere to get rid of any of it. He squirmed urgently against the floor, turning from side to side. He needed release so badly that, if he stepped outside and the grossest portable toilet ever known to man had suddenly materialized right in front of the cabin, he’d actually be willing to use it.

That was… Sort of a decent idea. Not the whole ‘wishing for a random bathroom to spontaneously pop into existence’ part, but urinating just right outside the cabin sounded okay. He wouldn’t have to walk past the bears, just take ONE step outside and do it THERE. He started to get up—

The smell… That was right, his pee was going to leave a scent. And, bears probably had stronger noses than humans. It might make them move CLOSER to the cabin, and that would create all new problems.

No, he shouldn’t do it there.

He just had to hold it… Whatever it took, he’d force his bladder to stay shut.

He wondered how much longer it was until morning. It felt like at least three hours had passed since he’d last looked at his watch. He stood up to check it again. Alright, last time he’d looked, it had been midnight. By now it should be three in the morni—

The screen displayed 12:24.

It had been twenty four minutes, and his bladder felt at least a liter fuller.

He was NOT gonna last until morning. Those bears had to leave before he exploded. He bounced his feet against the ground, shifting his hips around and biting back a moan. ‘I can’t hold it,’ he thought. ‘I can’t… It’s been too long. I’m gonna have an accident…’ He glanced at the corner again, if only he could flood it without leaving behind any evidence. If he had something to mop it up with afterwards, his skin prickled at the thought of trying to wipe up a huge puddle of his piss without any gloves on… He shouldn’t—

He was GOING to make a puddle in here, one way or another. The only thing he got to choose was whether or not he moved his pants out of the way first or not. He shakily opened the bag he’d brought with him, hoping to find something that could be used as a mop. His towel was still wet from when he’d showered, so it wouldn’t soak up much, no way was he gonna use any of his clothes to do the job… “Mmmf, come ooon…” he moaned. “I must have something in here!”

“Emmett,” he heard Shelby yawn. “What are you freaking out about now?”

Emmett turned around to face her on the opposite bed. She sat up tiredly, staring at him. He thought it was pretty obvious what he was ‘freaking out about now’. One of his hands was still latched firmly onto his dick, his legs were crossed, and he was sure the damp spot on his pants was shimmering.

“You too scared of the dark to go to the bathroom by yourself?” Shelby guessed. She stood up. “Alright, I’ll take you. Jeez, you should have just woken me up before it got this bad.” She started for the door.

“Wait, no, that’s not— I’m not scared of the dark, I’m scared of the bears!” Emmett told her.

“Bears?” Shelby repeated. “I promise, there aren’t any bears, they’re all gonna stay back in the woods. Don’t worry, they aren’t gonna randomly jump out at you.” She opened the door, stood there for a second, then shut it. “… Well, damn…”

Emmett was actually sort of RELIEVED that the bears were still in their place. He would have looked really silly if Shelby had opened the door to find an empty clearing. “See? It’s a mother bear too. Don’t those kill you if you go near their cubs?”

“Yeah, they DO tend to do that..” Shelby said. “Guess you aren’t gonna get to that bathroom any time soon.”

Emmett crossed his legs even tighter, his other hand retreating from his bag to go back to his crotch. “Mmmf, I know!” He whined. “That’s why I was trying to—“ He bit down on his lip. If he admitted he’d been planning to just go on the floor and then try to mop it up, he’d never hear the end of it.

“You need to go SOMEWHERE, don’t you?” Shelby gathered. “Looks like you’re about to do it right there— If the bears leave, do you think you’ll even make it all the way to the toilet?”

Emmett frowned, glared, and turned away. This was why he hadn’t wanted to wake her. Of course, she was just gonna tease him. She thought it was just SO funny that he was beyond full and had absolutely no way to get himself emptied. She’d probably noticed him avoiding the bathroom all day, knew that he’d let his fear of the germs inside it keep him away, knew that he was only suffering the consequences of his own choices. Of course she was gonna make fun of him.

“Well?”

Emmett shook his head, “No,” he admitted. “I haven’t… I haven’t gone since this morning, if the bears suddenly disappeared, I won’t be able to walk that far in time.” He didn’t even know if he could walk at ALL anymore. The thought of moving his legs apart wasn’t a pleasant one.

Shelby sighed, “Alright then…” She went back to her bed and opened her bag. “I really hope this is big enough…” She took out her reusable water bottle, it was empty, but it was also the only one she’d brought on the trip. If he filled it, she wouldn’t be able to use it again until they went home and it could actually get washed.

“But, you’ll need that for the rest of the tri—“

“Nova has a second one, I’ll just use that,” Shelby said. “Now, hurry up before you make a mess on the floor, alright?”

Emmett blushed and sat down on the bed beside her. He opened the bottle, it was pretty big, he really hoped it was big enough because he knew that once he started peeing, there was no chance he’d be able to stop until every last drop was out of him. He unbuttoned his pajama pants and started to—

Hang on—

“Turn the other way,” Emmett said.

“You… You literally forgot that I was here for a second, didn’t you?”

Emmett groaned. He had… As soon as he’d accepted he had a way to get relief, everything else had just fallen away.

“I’m not gonna watch you piss, just hurry up and go.”

Emmett aimed himself into the bottle, and a slow drizzle released from his tip. He fought not to whine at how little was coming out. He wanted to gush for all he was worth, to feel the mind-breaking relief he’d been craving all day. But, he really HAD held it for way too long, it was going to take time for his body to unlock all the way.

He groaned as his muscles finally went totally slack, and his dribbling erupted into a strong, harsh stream that sprayed violently against the plastic interior of the bottle. He panted, gushing with wild abandon into the container. “Ahh… Ahhh… Ahhhh….” That was better…

“What do you say?” Shelby prompted.

Emmett tried not to glare. He didn’t like being talked to while he was peeing, and she KNEW that perfectly well.

“What do you say?” She repeated.

“Thank you…” he mumbled, nearly finished. Just in time too, the bottle was filling up really fast… Once he was done, he put the cap back onto the bottle and blushed hard at how much he had filled it. “S—Sorry…”

“It’s fine, I’ll just borrow one of Nova’s,” Shelby reminded. “Now go to bed, the bears should gone in the morning.”

*038*2023-11-17 23:58

Written for the Omovember prompt “Sick Omo”.

(There are mentions of vomiting here. No one actually DOES it, but there’s a focus on a character’s phobia of doing so, and a description of what he finds frightening about it. The most graphic part of that is the paragraph that begins “He told himself all of these things, but he was still frightened” and continues until the paragraph that starts with “If he didn’t make it to the toilet in time”. In case anyone wants to skip.

Again, Doctor Willow is Ethan, who appears in my other fic No Time For a Break.)

***

One might think that Emmett’s fanatical adherence to hygiene and cleanliness would cause him to get sick far less often than most people. But, they’d be wrong. It was actually quite the opposite. His immune system rarely encountered threats, so whenever a virus was being passed around, his body was less equipped to ward it off.

Then, there were all the open sores on his hands, caused by his constant washing. Skin was the first line of defense people had against diseases, constantly having dry, cracked flesh that bled at the slightest provocation and never had a chance to heal meant it was easy for an infection to get through. The very things he felt compelled to do to prevent illnesses instead just made him more susceptible to them.

And the thing was, he KNEW this too. He knew that his flayed skin wasn’t good for him, he knew that he needed to let himself be exposed to germs so that his body would learn how to fight them, he knew that his behaviors only put him more at risk. But, he couldn’t stop, the little gremlin that he sometimes imagined living inside of his head wouldn’t ALLOW him to stop. He couldn’t wash his hands less often, or put on less soap, or use water that wasn’t scorching hot so that his hands had a chance to heal. His brain wouldn’t let him, no matter how much he wanted it to.

So, if a virus went around his school, he would usually get it. Not just in spite of his precautionary behaviors, but almost entirely BECAUSE of them.

And, that was why he was laying in bed today, rather than sitting at a desk at school. He had such an abysmal cold. His head felt like it weighed a hundred pounds, and his nose was so clogged that he could barely breathe. It was the migraine and the throat congestion that bothered him the most. The headache was so severe that it was making him dizzy.

The room spun every time he opened his eyes, and if he tried to actually sit up, much less stand, the spinning got so severe that it nauseated him. And, when that was teamed up with the gunky sensations coating his throat, he would then receive a zap of fear because it suddenly felt like he was going to throw up.

He repeatedly tried to take a step back and actually assess it, remind himself that his stomach wasn’t even aching so the odds that he NEEDED to throw up were very slim. He’d tell himself that, even if he DID throw up— Something he hadn’t even actually DONE in several years— it would be over in just a few minutes. He’d try to convince himself that throwing up just ONCE would NOT be as bad as what he’d gone through when he was little, he would not re-live the experience of having appendicitis ever again. It wouldn’t hurt as terribly, he wouldn’t need to go to the hospital, he wouldn’t have a surgery.

He told himself all of these things, but he was still frightened. Throwing up remained one of the worst things in the world to him. The harsh, spasmodic lurching in his abdominal muscles, the burn that went up his throat, the metallic taste, the feeling of losing control, and having to see the revolting mess come out of him. The smell would stick around for a while too, and the taste in his throat. And the worst part was how he sometimes kept feeling like bits of it were still in his mouth.

Plus, Shelby was at school and Dad was at work, so if he didn’t make it to the toilet in time, he’d have to try clean it up. He’d have to touch the putrid substance that had forced its way through his mouth. Through a paper towel, sure, but still…He’d be able to feel the texture, he’d be able to smell it, he’d be forced to look at it.

If he didn’t make it to the toilet in time, he wouldn’t JUST throw up and be done with it, the experience would be dragged out even longer and made even more horrible on him.

‘Not making it to the toilet on time’ was a bit of a concern for Emmett at the moment. He was supposed to be sleeping to help rid himself of his cold, but he couldn’t do it. It was difficult to drift off when he couldn’t breathe through his nose. And, it was even MORE difficult to drift off when he’d followed Dad’s instructions to ‘keep himself hydrated’ a little too well. His bladder was absolutely bursting, beginning to ache almost as much as his head was.

This should have been a silver-lining to his illness; Since he didn’t have to go to school, no one could deny him permission to satiate his extremely aggressive need to pee. There was a toilet right across the hall from his room, all he had to do was get up, walk there, lower his pajama bottoms, and relax. It should have been easy.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t accomplish the first step.

Any time he tried to leave the bed, the twisting and twirling and the manic pounding in his head made him absolutely CERTAIN that he was going to vomit— He was going to throw up, and it was going to hurt, and it was going to get everywhere! Panic would ignite and he’d lay face down on his bed, shutting his eyes tightly until the sensation of being spun around went away. He’d feel relieved as the stability returned to him and the fear that his stomach was about to reject its contents faded.

But, that relief would only last a couple seconds, before his bladder would begin to throb and tangle up on itself, furious that he STILL hadn’t emptied it. He knew he had to do it, he had to make himself stand and walk, ignore the dizziness and the panic that it caused. He NEEDED to, otherwise he was going to be laying in a puddle before long.

Emmett turned on his side, clutching his crotch firmly. He hadn’t let go of his dick for at least half an hour, hadn’t even eased the hold he had upon it. His bladder was demanding release so ferociously, liquids lapping against his crumbling dam, his hands were the only thing keeping it from breaking down entirely.

He scissored his legs for a few seconds, crossing them back and forth beneath his sheets. He was trying to come up with some way to relieve himself that wouldn’t require him to leave the bed, but also wouldn’t involve him soaking it.

He could pee out the window again. He’d done it before. He thought he could handle crouching upright on the mattress for a couple minutes as he went. That would be better than standing up and walking. Except, the only OTHER time he’d had to urinate out the window, it had been really late at night. It was dark, no one was outside. Doing it in broad daylight, when someone passing by on the sidewalk could see him, would be too embarrassing.

What if one of the neighbors saw? What if they told his Dad? Dad wouldn’t understand why relieving himself through his bedroom window had been necessary! Dad would give him that look— The look Dad always tried NOT to give him, but did anyway. The look that said he just couldn’t figure out what was going on inside Emmett’s head.

The window wouldn’t work.

The water bottles he’d foolishly drained were still resting on his nightstand. They were huge— and he shuddered with the knowledge that he’d emptied THREE of them, all of that water now flowing through his body, down into a container that had no space left inside of it. But, he could re-fill them now, unscrew the cap, tuck himself in and let his body do what it was begging to do. He’d relieved himself in bottles during emergencies before.

But, he KNEW he’d want to go empty it out immediately, and get it thoroughly sterilized. Leaving a bottle filled with piss on his nightstand for hours, letting it fester and gather bacteria, letting it start to smell… Just… Just having to LOOK at it and know that something so disgusting was in his room, right next to where he was trying to sleep…

And then, when Shelby got home, she’d check on him like Dad said she was supposed to. She’d see the bottle, obviously flooded with pee, and she’d make fun of him. She’d laugh at the fact that he hadn’t been able to make it across the hall to empty himself into the PROPER receptacle. Then, if he tried to explain why he’d NEEDED to use the bottle, she too would give him that look. That ‘I will never understand half the things that go on in your brain’ look.

The bottles wouldn’t work, either.

He glanced at the clock, seeing it was almost noon. He was supposed to be asleep, he was never going to get better if he didn’t rest. No way could he sleep through this level of desperation, though. His bladder was so full that it HURT. His loose fitting pajama bottoms were still managing to dig into him in a way that made his eyes water. His lower abdomen was so firm. When he foolishly touched a finger against it, he couldn’t feel any softness there. His bladder was hard as steel, distended, its walls pulled to the very brink.

He tried, once more, to stand. He managed to get to his feet, his bladder dropping like a stone down to his knees. A squirt of urine warmly trickled into his boxers, and his hands squeezed harder, mashing against his opening with all their might, trying to pin it shut. His desperation seemed to make the dizziness a lot worse, the world around him was spinning like he was on a theme park ride, and his aching bladder, so close to his stomach, the resulting nausea was— He thought he felt something in his throat— He was gonna—

He collapsed back into his bed, accidentally rocking his bladder and sending shockwaves of needy throbs through it. He leaked again, a few painful drips that stung on their way out. He had to go, he had to go, he had to goooo! He wriggled as he laid in his bed, crossing his legs frantically, tying himself in all sorts of knots, and BEGGING his unreasonable brain to stop flooding him with panic for no real reason.

He was NOT going to throw up. All of his symptoms were located outside of his stomach and digestive tract. He just had a migraine. He felt dizzy because he had a stupid migraine, and because he had to pee so bad. His throat felt funny because of phlegm, not because he was about to throw up. He wasn’t going to, so he should stop letting himself get so anxious and go take a pee like he was dying to!

But, he couldn’t talk himself out of the spiral now that it had begun. The stupid brain-gremlin insisted that he WOULD throw up if he got out of bed. He’d vomit EVERYWHERE and make an enormous, revolting mess. And, he’d disgust himself so much trying to clean it up that he would throw up again and again and again, and it would never get clean, ever. The mental image of that happening appeared absolutely preposterous to him, yet simultaneously it was somehow the most real, most likely thing in the entire universe.

He had to hold it…

But, he COULDN’T hold it. He needed the toilet so bad that he felt seconds away from crying. He was going to cry because it hurt, and because he knew he was being stupid, and because he couldn’t control his brain which was DUMB because it belonged to him, so he should have been able to choose what he thought about and make the ridiculous thoughts go away! He knew they were ridiculous! Why did a part of him have to believe them so strongly?!

Emmett figured a part of his problem was that he was alone. These moments, where he felt caged by his brain, were always worse when he was by himself. He had no one to talk to but his own cruel thoughts, and so they got louder and louder. Sometimes, he could soothe himself by bringing up a worry to someone else and saying “But, that won’t happen, will it?” And when the other person confirmed to him that the thing he was afraid of was unlikely to transpire, he’d feel better. Even when he knew that his worry was silly, being reassured by someone else just made it so much easier to get rid of.

But, he was alone now, no one to talk him down and make him feel more relaxed.

His therapist, Doctor Willow, had said that he could call him sometimes if he was having a really, really bad day. Doctor Willow promised he’d get back to him as soon as possible to help him through it. Emmett thought about trying that. It would be embarrassing to leave a message that said ‘I’m about to wet myself because I’m scared I’ll throw up if I walk to the bathroom’, but Doctor Willow was a therapist. He wouldn’t tell anybody else about this. It would stay a secret.

But, as his bladder pinched more insistently at him and his urethra flared and bubbled with more leaky dribbles, Emmett wasn’t sure if Doctor Willow would call him back in time. It might end up being too late, and Emmett would already be dripping wet. He picked up his phone anyway, accepting that this was the best solution available to him.

He was punching in Doctor Willow’s number when the phone rang. He jumped, a startled jet of liquid gushing from between his legs. He squeezed himself so hard that his dick hurt, and the shock of the awful moment made his voice come out sharp. “Hello?!”

“A—Are you feeling any better?” Nova asked.

Nova… Yes, someone to talk to.

“No,” Emmett said, trying to force away some embarrassment. It was no longer a struggle to tell Nova when he really, really needed to use the bathroom. While he didn’t ‘get it’, the fact that she LIKED watching him go had made that a lot easier. He WAS a little ashamed to explain why he was bursting today, though. “I— Er… I have to pee. Bad.”

“Oh,” Nova said. He could hear the blush in her voice. “Uh, guess you just woke up? I’ll call back in a minu—“

“Wait, no!” Emmett cringed at the pained whimper in his voice, the blatant pleading. He reminded himself that Nova had likely found it cute. “Don’t hang up, don’t hang up!”

“Okay,” Nova said. “I mean, if it’s an emergency, I don’t want to make you—“

“I can’t—“ Emmett crossed his ankles, rubbing them urgently together. The friction was enough to make them burn slightly. “I— I can’t get out of bed.”

“You need help?” Nova guessed. “Ahhh, I don’t know what to do… Your Dad should have taken the day off from—“

“That’s— I can— I can GET up, but— But I get all dizzy, and nauseas, and it makes me think I’m gonna— I panic, and I—“

“Oh,” Nova interrupted. “It’s… It’s okay, Emmett,” she tried to soothe. “You won’t throw up— I bet your stomach doesn’t even feel upset, does it?”

“No,” Emmett said. “I kn-know it’s silly, but I— I needed to hear someone else say it.”

“That’s alright,” Nova promised. “If you want, I can talk to you while you walk there, will that help you stay calm?”

“I think so,” Emmett said.

“Good, now hurry,” Nova encouraged.

Emmett was blushing all the way down his neck. Even though she hadn’t teased him, or asked him why he had to be this way— Not that he’d ever thought she would— this was still embarrassing. When he stood up and a grunt of desperation flew uncontrollably from his lips, his face heated up more. “Nnnh— Mmf—“

“It’s okay,” Nova said again. Her voice sounded noticeably different now. It was higher pitched, more breathy. Emmett could guess that his needy whimpers were responsible. As if to confirm his suspicions, Nova kept talking. Her tone fluttering, she asked “H—How long have you been holding it?” Then, which a sharp inhale, she cried “I—I mean— I mean—“

“It’s okay,” Emmett said, hesitantly walking forwards. He felt like he was being twirled upside down over and over. When he looked down, the floor seemed further away than usual. His insides were twisting, he was going to— “Haah—“ His ears started to ring, his hearing dulling. Panic rose in his chest, and he was scared something else was rising along with it.

Nova… Talk to Nova… Talk about ANYTHING with Nova.

“I— I’ve been— Been holding it all day,” Emmett said, and the hand clamped around his aching cock tightened, his opening pinned closed between his fingers. “And— Ahhhh— I drank three big bottles of water… Nnnh… E—Each one was, like, a liter— I— I have to go so bad…”

“I—I’m s—sorry,” Nova said, voice hitching. Emmett pictured how pink her cheeks must have been, the wide look in her eyes. “Y—You’re bursting, aren’t you?”

“Yeah,” Emmett said, forcing open the door to his room. He was so close now… The toilet was closer to him than his bed, he was going to make it… “I— C—Can barely believe I’m still holding o—on…”

“K—Keep walking,” Nova said. “You can do it!” He knew what she was thinking about now, it was the same thing he was fantasizing about; The torrential release that was now so close…

He stumbled the last few steps into the restroom, pulling down his pajama bottoms as he hurried up to the toilet. A clear droplet was hanging off his opening, his bladder aching. Ohhh, he’d made it, he was just about to relax his tension, when the hand around his cock squeezed harshly on his shaft, stopping himself.

Nova had helped him a lot… If she hadn’t called and kept him distracted while he was moving around, he would have just burst in his bed. He needed to thank her, and there was… One way he could do that.

“Er…” Feeling his ears go red at what he was about to do, Emmett said “Are you anywhere that a lot of people can see you?”

“No, I’m having lunch in the library. I’m the only one here right now.”

“Then… Then listen to this,” Emmett said. He set the phone on the counter and switched on the speaker-mode. The droplet that had collected on his tip splashed into the bowl, and was followed abruptly by a strong stream that yanked a loud moan from his lips. “Ahhhhh…” He shivered with relief, and sighed again, even louder. He wasn’t sure if he was panting so much because of how good he felt, or just because he knew it was what Nova wanted to hear. Probably the former, his distended bladder compressing itself back down felt absolutely Heavenly. It was enough to make all of his other discomforts fade for a moment. Even his horrific migraine seemed to vanish as he lost himself in a world of bliss.

Nova made a noise that could best be described as a squeal the second Emmett’s stream first struck the water. A delighted, surprised yelp that was followed by a whispered “Wow… Y—You DID have to go…” when he started to moan.

“Yeah…” Emmett agreed breathlessly. “T—Told you…” It made him feel funny inside that she was enjoying this so much. A good kind of funny, though. As he pictured her getting all hot and bothered just listening to him handle his very urgent need, some of the heat in his body started to move lower.

His stream died off about a minute later, a few final squirts spilling out and prompting another shudder to move up his spine. Once his bladder’s contents had all been spent, he pulled his pants up the rest of the way and heaved another sigh. “Phew…”

“A—All done?” Nova squeaked. “You… Uh… You needed that, huh?”

“Yeah,” Emmett said. “That’s much better. Thank you.”

“Thank YOU,” Nova said. “Uh— I— I mean— I’m… I’m weird, sorry…”

“You’re not weird,” Emmett promised. “I’m kinda glad you like seeing me go, it made it easier to ask for help.”

“I know… I just… I know you’re not into this,” Nova said. “So, I’m always a little worried that it’s… You know… Gonna bother you.”

“I wouldn’t have let you listen if it bothered me,” Emmett said. “I promise, I’m okay with it.”

“Heh, I guess that’s true,” Nova said. “If… Uh… If you need someone to help you with the dizzy-thing again later…”

“You’ll be the first person I call,” Emmett said. He stayed on the phone with her as he headed back to bed. Once he was laying down, now actually feeling tired since his bladder wasn’t actively exploding, he yawned, “Thank you again. I’m gonna try to sleep again now.”

“Okay, sweet dreams.”

*039*2023-11-26 23:57

Written for the Omovember prompt "Gender Related Omo".

***

When he first found out the school had accidentally mixed him and Shelby up for the college tour field trip, Emmett hadn’t thought much of it. He didn’t even notice right away. He went to the lists posted on the door to the homeroom class, found his name and boarded the bus it told him to take. Others started to file onto the bus, and he was happy that Nova was in the same group as him.

A while later, after they’d already been driving for a bit, it struck him that he was the only guy in his group. Everyone else on this bus was a girl. That was weirdly unbalanced, he was fairly sure that the gender ratio at his school was pretty even… He still didn’t think anything was wrong, though.

But, then they arrived at the campus they were going to tour, and Emmett saw on the sign that this was a women’s university— Meaning this was a school he couldn’t actually attend, and so it was REALLY odd he’d be taken on a tour of it. He didn’t dwell on that for TOO long, however. He had something a little more… pressing to deal with. The ride here had been awfully long, and he and Nova had been seated towards the back of the bus, which was the bounciest part. His bladder felt a little overdue for some relief, and he was eager to get out so that he could attend to it.

When he got off the bus, he finally learned of the error that had taken place. Ms. Hancroft, the teacher chaperoning the trip looked at him oddly for a second, then asked what he was doing there.

Emmett didn’t quite know how to respond to that. Her tone suggested that he’d done something wrong, but he’d only been following the instructions he’d been given. “I… I thought I was supposed to be here?”

“You were supposed to be on the bus with the boys,” Ms. Hancroft said. “Didn’t you notice there were only girls on there with you? We put lists on the door to homeroom, you should have read them.”

Emmett had no idea why he was apparently in trouble now. He HAD read the list, that’s WHY he was here. “Th—The list said for me to take that bus.”

Ms. Hancroft sighed with irritation, and flipped through the papers tacked to her clipboard. “See, your name is—“ She paused, and her lips pursed together in a tight frown. She flipped to the next page, then back to the previous one. Back and forth, over and over. “Okay, looks like I mixed you up with your sister, so SHE’S probably over at the men’s university now… You really should have asked before we left if you were on the right bus. I didn’t even see you until now.”

Emmett said nothing. That sounded more like it was her fault for not checking, how was he supposed to know the lists were wrong? His bladder nudged at him, urine swishing against its sensitive walls. It didn’t matter that he’d ended up on the wrong tour. There was only ONE room he was interested in seeing right now. He didn’t bother telling Ms. Hancroft that he needed to relieve himself, she was already annoyed with him for reasons that went beyond his comprehension. Besides, after such a long bus ride, it only made sense that they’d ALL have a bathroom break pretty soon.

More students filed off the bus, and Nova caught up to him. She could tell that his bladder was uncomfortably full just by looking at him. He hadn’t started to squirm yet, but he had that wide-eyed look on his face, and his hands kept rubbing against his outer thighs— Something he only did when he needed the toilet. She stared at him for a second as he fidgeted ever so subtly. He was so cute that way… She felt awful about it, but she sort of wished the ride had taken longer— Not SO long that he ended up in pain and risked having an accident, but just long enough that she’d get to see him dance around a little.

Nova was sure they’d be stopping at a restroom right away, and Emmett would relieve himself and it would be all over. But, at least she could enjoy how twitchy he was for a few more minutes.

Emmett was definitely pretty twitchy. He could feel his bladder slowly expanding inside him. The knowledge that relief was coming very soon always made him need to go so much worse, it was so annoying! He clasped his hands behind his back and rocked on his heels very slightly.

“You okay?” Nova asked, though she knew precisely what the problem was.

Emmett blushed, looking down at himself. “Well, Ms. Hancroft’s mad at me,” he said. “I’m not supposed to be on this trip, but they mixed Shelby and I up, and she’s acting like that’s my fault. And, I also…” he lowered his voice more. “I also need to pee soon…”

Nova HAD wondered why Emmett was the only guy here, that explained it. It didn’t make much sense that Ms. Hancroft was upset with him over it, but Ms. Hancroft had never been very reasonable. Nova was fairly certain she’d only become a teacher because she had some deep, all-consuming desire to torture teenagers. “I’m sure we’ll all get to use the bathroom before the tour starts.”

“I hope so…” Emmett said. He also hoped the restrooms here were clean. Thinking logically, they probably WERE. The men’s rooms wouldn’t see much traffic at an all-female university, and he doubted male college professors made a habit of trashing public toilets.

When Ms. Hancroft led them into the main building and told them they could all use the bathroom while she spoke to their tour guide, Emmett’s assumptions were proved only half-right. The men’s room wasn’t filthy, but that was only because it didn’t EXIST to begin with. The only restroom door he saw in the entry hall had a sign affixed to it barring his entry. He looked across the hall, searching for a similar door that he could use, but there wasn’t one. He paced about for a second, thinking that it HAD to be around here somewhere, but a second restroom refused to suddenly materialize.

He returned to the first restroom, the one he knew he wasn’t allowed to go in. He tried not to worry. There were probably just fewer men’s rooms here. That made sense. The only people using them would be male professors or custodians, whom were greatly outnumbered by the students. There WAS a toilet for him somewhere, just not here.

His bladder throbbed, the nervous tingle in his center becoming a more constant buzz of need. He needed to go really, really soon, or things would get very uncomfortable. His bladder protested, IT insisted that the sign on the door didn’t actually matter all that much, and tried to remind him of the few occasions Shelby had used men’s bathrooms because the line for the women’s was too long. If he had to pee, and this was the only place he could do it, then the rules could be… Not broken, but bent a little, right?

Still, he knew he’d feel kind of awkward. In spite of the circumstance, he’d FEEL like he was doing something really bad and forbidden… He’d use it once everyone else was done. It COULDN’T matter then, right? If he was the only person in there, then it would be fine.

All of his classmates had lined up already, and he debated joining them at the end. He didn’t want anyone to tease him when they noticed him waiting for the ladies’ room. He waited off to the side instead, hitching his hips and trying not to pay attention to the sounds of toilets being flushed. Each one added another few drops of pee to his bladder, and he reminded himself that he’d be able to get rid of it all in a few minutes. He hoped everyone ahead of him hurried…

Nova was beside him a moment later, having finished in the bathroom. “Feel better?” She asked him.

He shook his head. “Gotta wait for everyone else…” he mumbled.

“Huh? Why do y—“ Nova paused. She glanced up and down the hall just as Emmett had a few minutes ago. “There’s only a girl’s bathroom here?”

Emmett nodded, tapping his foot sharply. “Y—Yeah, so I’ll just use it once they’re all done. That’s… Um… That’s allowed, right?”

Nova shrugged. Emmett got a little too focused on following rules sometimes… Even ones that were silly. Even ones that he made up by himself… “Well, if there’s nowhere else you can pee, then yeah.”

Emmett’s toes turned in towards each other, “Ah—“ He flinched, blushing. “Eheh, um… Can you not say ‘pee’ right now?”

“I’m sorry. Is it getting bad?” Nova hoped she didn’t sound too interested. She just… WAS, though. Even now, in this situation, where Emmett didn’t have much control and was getting really uncomfortable, him wriggling around and getting so flustered at hearing the word ‘pee’ was adorable!

“K—Kind of,” Emmett admitted. He let his ankles tangle together. “I— I think if I just cross my legs a bit… Y—Yeah, that’s helping.”

He kept waiting, trying to stay patient. Unfortunately, he’d been so CERTAIN that he’d be able to pee the minute he entered this building that it was hard for his bladder to adjust to the new reality. His holding muscles had already gone loose with anticipation, he was struggling to tighten them up again. He wished his body would stop getting ahead of him like that!

Ms. Hancroft had returned, and she looked at the steadily dwindling line with some scrutiny. “Don’t take too long,” she firmly told the girls still waiting. She sounded more bothered by the wait than Emmett did, and HE was the one that needed to pee!

After the last few girls had finally finished with the restroom, Ms. Hancroft started to lead the class further down the hall, and Emmett headed for the door. He’d just grabbed the handle, bladder once again starting to unravel all on its own, when Ms. Hancroft clapped her hands together.

He froze, startled. His confused bladder very nearly let go of a drip, and he just barely managed to swoop a hand down in time to plug it off. He knew everyone was looking at him now, and he didn’t dare turn around. This was so embarrassing… Now everybody knew he needed to pee, and everybody knew he was going to use the girls’ restroom!

“Emmett, what are you doing?!” Ms. Hancroft demanded.

Shakily, Emmett turned around and managed to admit “I— I have to use the bathroom…” He said it very, very quietly. The humiliation stung…

“What?” Ms. Hancroft asked sharply. “You need to speak up, people can’t hear you when you mumble.”

“I said that I need to… I need to use the bathroom,” Emmett repeated, louder now. His face was boiling, blushing so much his ears were scorched red. Ms. Hancroft sounded so frustrated with him. He knew he was breaking a rule, but he couldn’t help it! Anxiety fizzed within him, igniting a fire overtop his aching bladder.

“You really can’t pay attention today, can you?” Ms. Hancroft said. “First you get on the wrong bus, now you don’t know which bathroom to use. Read the sign. It says ‘ladies’. You aren’t a lady.”

Emmett didn’t bother repeating that he’d only been following the instructions the list gave him, instead he simply pointed out; “I— I— I know this is the girls’ one, but I can’t find a men’s room, and I have to—“

“There aren’t any men’s rooms,” Ms. Hancroft said. “This is a women’s college.”

Emmett nibbled his lip. He’d been afraid of that… So, were all the employees women too? There were literally NO men’s toilets here?! All of the bathrooms were off-limits for him? “W—Well, um… Then I need to use this one.” It really WAS his only option. He told himself that it was okay to break a rule when he just didn’t have a choice. It would be okay…

“No,” Ms. Hancroft said. “It’s inappropriate, and you’re already on thin-ice, so I’d drop this now if I were you.”

Emmett looked longingly at the door to the restroom. What was he supposed to do?! He wasn’t allowed to use any of the toilets here, and his bladder was starting to spasm startlingly. He shifted between his feet and widened his eyes. He wanted to make it clear to Ms. Hancroft that he NEEDED to go…

“Nobody’s even IN there,” Nova pointed out. “Is it THAT big a deal if he’s the only one even using it?”

“It’s inappropriate,” Ms. Hancroft repeated. “He should have thought about this before sneaking onto this trip.”

“I didn’t—“

“That’s enough,” Ms. Hancroft said. “You’re really lucky that I’m not writing you up for being here, stop pushing it. There isn’t a bathroom here for you. You are going to wait until we’re back at school and then, once I tell you you can, THEN you can go.”

What?! He’d have to hold it through this several hour long tour. Then for another couple hours on a bouncing, jolting bus. THEN, when he finally got back to somewhere with a urinal, she was likely to make him BEG for permission. He couldn’t last that long. His bladder wasn’t bottomless. He’d already come close to leaking once. “But, I—“

“Enough,” Ms. Hancroft repeated, and then she turned and continued to lead them all down the hallway. They met up with a tour guide— One of the professors at the college. Emmett had let himself hope for a second that the guide would be a man, and that he’d say “Actually, there IS a men’s room over here…” But, he wasn’t so lucky. It looked like his earlier fear was correct, the professors and other staff members here were all women. He didn’t have anywhere that he was allowed to pee.

He kept whispering to Nova as they walked. It was embarrassing, but his bladder wouldn’t let him stay quiet, and Nova was usually able to help him feel better when something was wrong. Something was very wrong now, he wanted her to come up with a solution. “I won’t make it back to school,” he admitted. “Maybe I can hold it through the tour, but not the ride back.”

Nova didn’t know how to respond. She didn’t think Emmett could hold it that long, either. If he managed to get to the end of the tour dry, riding the bus would shake every last drop out of him for sure. She’d been scanning every door they’d passed. She didn’t expect to see a men’s room, but was hoping that maybe there would be a separate restroom set aside for disabled students, those were always gender-neutral.

Ms. Hancroft couldn’t say it was ‘inappropriate’ for him to use one like that, right? Unless she argued that since he wasn’t in a wheelchair he wasn’t allowed to use it… But, the restroom Nova had used earlier HAD contained an accessible stall, and it appeared there weren’t any additional bathrooms serving the same purpose.

They WERE passing quite a few more women’s rooms, and Nova saw Emmett glance longingly at every one of them. She noticed him linger a few times, allowing everyone else to walk far ahead of him. She knew he was debating trying to sneakily pee without Ms. Hancroft catching him, but fear held him back every time.

They toured several empty lecture halls, all of them appearing identical to Emmett. He was wriggling much more obviously, legs crossing and uncrossing, occasionally bending forwards and running his nails over the tops of his legs. When their tour guide led them to the university’s pool, Emmett was struck by such a horrific, all-consuming spasm that he doubled over and pressed the flat of his palm over his groin.

For a shameful second, Emmett considered moving a little too close to the pool’s edge and ‘accidentally’ falling into it so that he could… Do something that would utterly REVOLT him, but would also leave him blissfully relieved.

With that, he realized he needed to urinate so badly that it was driving him insane, so he forced himself to raise his hand, hoping that the tour guide would call on him instead of Ms. Hancroft.

The tour guide stopped mid-sentence. “Yes?” She asked.

“I—I’m sorry, is th—there a men’s room anywhere?” Emmett asked, he hoped he didn’t sound like he was begging, but his voice was pitiful even to his own ears.

The guide shook her head, “No… There are some single-stall toilets in the staff rooms though. You need a key to get in, do you need someone to take you?”

Yes, yes! There WAS somewhere he could pee! “Y—Yes, pl—“

Ms. Hancroft interrupted him, “Don’t trouble yourself,” she told the guide. “He always asks to use the restroom when he’s bored. If he still says he needs to go when we’re about to leave, then we can worry about the key.”

Emmett didn’t understand. It was like she DESPISED him and wanted him to wet his pants for some sadistic reason! Was this really all because he’d made her notice a mistake SHE’D made on the lists?! Was she THAT petty?! “B—But, I—“

The tour guide frowned, “If he’s having an emergency, I can just give him directions back to the—“

“He’s not,” Ms. Hancroft said. “We go through this every day, he just likes to wander around by himself.”

“He doesn’t!” Nova said, trying to defend him. “Come on, just let him go…”

“If he still says he has to go later,” Ms. Hancroft said. “THEN we can talk about the key.”

Emmett tightened his hold on himself. “I have to g—“

“You don’t,” Ms. Hancroft stated. “And let go of yourself, you aren’t fooling me.”

It was useless. This was hopeless.

Emmett looked back at the pool, debating if he really SHOULD just fake a fall and let his poor bladder finally release. It would be so gross, and he’d have to sit in his wet clothes for the rest of the day. But, he had a feeling he was going to end up in soaked pants anyway, and being covered in a mixture of chlorinated water and his own urine sounded slightly less nauseating than being covered JUST in his own urine.

It would be less embarrassing, too.

But, Ms. Hancroft would probably KNOW that he hadn’t genuinely slipped, she’d KNOW what he’d really been doing. He’d be punished for sure, and likely humiliated.

He’d hold it, and hope that she actually WOULD get him the key at the end of the tour.

They walked on. Since the tour guide had acted sympathetic to him, Emmett tried to walk closer to her. He wanted her to notice how genuinely desperate he was, and to OVERRULE Ms. Hancroft, say “Your student is obviously very uncomfortable, you NEED to let him go to the bathroom now.”

But, he couldn’t move fast enough to get to the front of the group, he could only manage pained, sluggish steps that STILL made him feel like urine was being pumped down his abused pipes… When they walked from one building to the next, the trees they passed looked so absurdly tempting that he needed to squeeze his eyes closed to ignore them. He didn’t like peeing outside one bit— It felt so dirty!— but those trees seemed to be BEGGING him to water them…

They just walked and walked, through an endless array of hallways, most of them containing restroom doors that he wasn’t allowed to pass through. Eventually, he was clutching Nova’s arm because he needed to clutch SOMETHING and he didn’t want to get yelled at for grabbing his dick again.

Finally, they took a break for lunch. Their guide led them to the dining hall and told them they could order whatever they wanted to eat. Emmett didn’t bother and went straight to a table. He had to pee way too badly to put anything else into his body. Every bit of him felt full and overflowing. He hated Ms. Hancroft. She KNEW that he wasn’t lying about how bad he had to go, she just… She wanted to torment him, she wanted to make him suffer, it seemed she even wanted to make him have an accident. All because SHE was embarrassed over a freaking TYPO.

She was behaving more like a teenager than the actual teenagers! He’d noticed sympathetic looks from basically EVERY girl on this tour with him. Nova had been asking him frequently if he was okay, trying to stand up for him, and she hadn’t complained over how tightly he’d been grabbing onto her. His classmates felt BAD for him, they didn’t like that he was being subjected to something that was beginning to feel a lot like actual TORTURE.

Emmett clasped his hands over his lap, feet tapping the floor frantically. His eyes were blown wide open, panicked sweat pouring down his face. His heart thundered painfully in his rib-cage, chills rolling through his spine.

His urethral sphincters were on fire, and it felt like they were trying to hold up a cinder-block, he could feel them breaking. He could feel pee slowly leaking into his pants. He could feel that he was close to an accident— Incredibly close— Closer than he’d been in a long, long time.

He didn’t even know how he’d manage to stand back up without unleashing a flood. Unless a nice, big container suddenly presented itself, and he was able to bring himself to urinate right here in the dining hall, he was going to pee his pants. His crotch already felt so warm and sodden, but none of the leakage had brought him the least bit of relief.

This was his own fault. He should have disobeyed. When he was told that he was not allowed to use the women’s room, even in these extenuating circumstances, he should have ignored it and gone anyway. He would be in trouble, but at least he’d be empty, at least he wouldn’t be fighting a losing battle and moments away from drenching himself.

He considered doing that now, when he turned his head slightly he could see the door for a women’s room. It would only take him thirty steps to reach it, to push it open and claim a stall in which to release what was sure to be a geyser of liquid bliss. His bladder was just beyond overflowing, he didn’t think he could make it that far. He’d be soaked before he even got half-way to the door.

Against his will, he started to shake, his sweat growing colder and colder until it felt frigid on his skin. The uncontrollable trembling made him leak further still, the walls of his bladder being squished and compressed, pee squeezing down his pipes and his clenching doing nothing to pin it in place.

He stared back at the restroom door. It now appeared to him that it was miles and miles away. He’d never make it, and Ms. Hancroft would probably see him TRYING to get there, she’d yell at him again, she’d make everyone LOOK at him again, and then he’d have his accident with all eyes on him, staring. Every girl in his grade (save for his sister) would see him pee his pants. All the older college girls having lunch here would see him pee his pants…

And then, THEN he’d have to take the bus back to school, still covered in his urine. The smell would cling to him, his pants would be sticky and disgusting. He would be disgusting. Coated in his own bodily fluids, because he’d failed to keep them inside his bladder where they belonged. All of his muscles grew even more taut at the image— One which he saw no way to prevent at this point.

He was supposed to hold it in until he got back to his school, he’d been told repeatedly that that was the only way he’d be permitted to empty out. But, he was completely full, there was no room inside him for all this pee, the tour still wasn’t over, the ride back to school was so long, he’d have to walk to a urinal when they finally arrived. He was spilling so much into his pants already, and he couldn’t even MOVE in order to disobey the command he’d tried like Hell to follow today.

Nova sat down beside him with some sandwiches. She’d gotten one for him, but he didn’t think he could eat it. “How are you doi—“

“I— I can’t— I can’t hold it…” Emmett managed. Tears magnified his eyes, and he struggled not to let them fall down his cheeks. “I need to go— It HURTS.”

“I’m gonna go tell Ms. Hancroft to let you use the bathroom again,” Nova decided. “This is ridiculous.”

“It won’t help,” Emmett said. “She wants me to… To have an accident, and I don’t even think I can stand back up.”

“I’m sorry…” Nova said, because she didn’t know what else she COULD say. She ate her lunch, and realized Emmett wasn’t going to do the same. He probably wasn’t able to. The urine must have been flooding up into his stomach…

Emmett remained locked in his personal Hell for several more awful minutes until he saw someone stand up from one of the other tables. His bladder doing cartwheels in his gut, he noticed it was a professor— A MAN professor. There WERE guys working here after all.

The professor would have the key to the restroom Emmett was allowed to use, and— And since the man couldn’t use the majority of the toilets here, he’d probably feel some EMPATHY for him and help him right away!

Emmett forced himself to his feet, ignoring the ripples of painful urgency this prompted.

“S—Sir!” Emmett called at the man’s retreating back. “Sir? Sir— Please!” Wet heat formed a trail down one of his legs, he was constantly peeing now. The leaks weren’t coming in short, repeated bursts anymore, he was constantly letting go of droplets. Not the immense spraying jet he’d been fighting against, just a slow dismal trickle, one which he thought would turn INTO a waterfall if he even just BREATHED wrong for half a second. Every step made his hand grow wetter. “H—Hang on—!”

The professor looked at him, and Emmett was so out of his mind with the need to just— Just let it out somewhere, anywhere!— that he didn’t care at all that he was being stared at. “I— I— I have to use the restroom, so bad. An’— And my teacher w—won’t let me use the women’s room, b—but I can’t find any—“

The professor turned, and for a horrified moment Emmett thought that he wasn’t even going to TRY to help him. But then, he said “Follow me,” and Emmett began to think there was a chance he might actually— Well, he wouldn’t make it, he’d already peed his pants so much, but if he could get rid of the rest properly, that would at least count for something. “I’ll take you to a break-room…”

The professor led him out of the dining hall, then down a hallway. Emmett looked at every door they passed. If he saw another women’s room, he promised himself that he’d bolt right inside. His poor bladder was still releasing a constant thread of urine down his legs. It was coming out so slowly and weakly that he didn’t feel the overfull organ shrinking at all, the only thing he was aware of was the disgusting warmth dripping slickly over his skin.

Just as they were about to turn into another hall, Emmett saw a restroom door, and his bladder didn’t give one single, solitary damn that the stick figure affixed to it was pink instead of blue. It didn’t care if Emmett himself would be made to feel awkward, if there was a chance he’d be punished, if someone teased him about it forever… It only cared that there were toilets, and it couldn’t manage one more minute without one.

His entire abdomen cramped up hard, and a furious squirt of pee hissed loudly through the material of his pants. He clamped and clutched and managed to force it back down to a dribbling trickle, but he couldn’t do this anymore. “I can’t wait—“ He choked out, barely aware that he was speaking. “Please, please just let m—“

“Okay— Okay, yeah, hurry,” the professor said.

Emmett barely had time to process the shock that a teacher had ACTUALLY just told him that he was allowed to relieve himself (He was fairly sure he could count the number of times THAT had happened on one hand). He shakily released one hand from his crotch and yanked the door open, rushing inside.

He felt extremely stupid a second later when, upon finally being inside a restroom, the very first thing he did was glance around to see where the urinals he needed were located. It was just pure force of habit! He only ever used stalls if it was an emergency and the urinals were all occupied. He didn’t like having to touch the door, so he usually peed with it still open.

He could unfortunately hear several streams hissing into toilet bowls, the sound an unbearable tease on his bladder, forcing his incredibly slow dribble to pick up into a more constant stream.

He HOPED that there was a vacant stall he could use. There was only one, luckily he’d gleaned from Shelby that girls didn’t follow the same rules guys did, and it was FINE to use a toilet that was right next to one that was already taken. He entered the stall and started to yank at his zipper, then when he heard a toilet flush, he doubled forwards and cringed, realizing that he probably DID have to shut and lock the stall this time.

He reached behind himself to do that, stomping his feet frantically. Once the lock was noisily flung into place, he tore his zipper down and winced as he reached to grab his wet member from his sopping boxers. The instant his hand made contact, he squeezed down on himself with all his strength to prevent another massive leak.

It struck him then that the toilet seat was down— That shouldn’t have been surprising, but if he peed now, he could splash it, and leave a mess for someone else to deal with. He didn’t want to make someone sit in his piss, that was disgusting! He needed to lift the seat, but that would require him to TOUCH it. He didn’t like touching the toilet seat at HOME that much, the idea of his hands coming into contact with a PUBLIC one made his skin crawl!

He could sit… But, he hated that idea even more! He NEVER sat on public toilets. Even that time he broke his foot when he was eight and staying upright got CHALLENGING, he always either worked through the pain and stood, or just HELD it until he got home and could sit down without feeling like he was getting infected with anything.

Emmett realized that he’d actually gone frozen for a few seconds while he’d been considering this, still dripping into his pants. How ridiculous. Finally AT a toilet only to get locked inside his own head again to the point that he couldn’t USE it. The best solution was probably to wrap toilet paper around his hand and lift up the seat THAT way, but he’d have to let go of his dick and bend a little, and—

Hsssssshhhhhhhh!

An incredibly intense jet soaked out over his clutching hands, and— Did this even MATTER?! Seriously! Sometimes, he felt like there was some tiny gremlin that lived inside his brain and filled it full of STUPID worries that blocked out all the stuff that was actually IMPORTANT! The ONLY important thing right now was PEEING. He could PROBABLY just go with the seat down! He had good aim, he could WIPE everything up if he missed some—

He pulled himself out and aimed at the bowl. Drips still pattered out of him, just as they’d been doing for the last several minutes, to his dismay they came out with such little force that they plinked to the floor, and he stood closer to the toilet so that they’d land where they were supposed to. He was frustrated that he hadn’t started gushing yet, he’d expected it to pour out the second his clothes were out of the way. Anxiety was clenching in his chest, however. A whole lot of it.

Anxiety about how he wasn’t supposed to be IN here, anxiety about how Ms. Hancroft would be angry if she found out, anxiety about how silly he must have looked to the professor, anxiety about how he might pee on the seat and make a mess, because he was always SUPPOSED to lift the seat up—

That tugging, tight feeling that he associated with panic always DID act up when he broke a routine— ANY routine. If he brushed his teeth BEFORE he showered, his chest skittered and ached because that wasn’t the order he SHOULD have done it in.

And the routine for peeing was that he always lifted the seat. It was a rule.

But, he couldn’t TOUCH it, and he couldn’t SIT, and this was just so STUPID! That was the most aggravating part! He KNEW it was stupid, he knew his ‘rules’ and ‘routines’ were meaningless, that they accomplished NOTHING, that nothing catastrophic would happen if he broke one… But, he still FELT so anxious, and he was so anxious that he couldn’t PEE and if he didn’t pee NOW he was going to freaking DIE.

Shelby… Shelby was joking around with him one time, and at some point she ended up mentioning how a lot of the girls at school didn’t like to sit on the toilets because they thought they were gross, too. So, they ‘hovered’ over them. He could just do THAT. With his parts, he’d probably have an easier time than the girls did, anyway.

He hurriedly shoved his pants down the rest of the way, fighting not to shudder when they clung damply to him. He turned and crouched over the toilet, positioning his dick so that it pointed straight down and THEN he had that immediate fire-hose burst that he’d been expecting. There was no gradual transition between his dribbles and his waterfall, it happened in the blink of an eye, and straight away his needy agony snapped and gave way to intense relief.

He gritted his teeth, jaw muscles throbbing. He wanted to moan and gasp and pant, he wanted to suck in big gusts of air as he was finally allowed to breathe normally again. But, he didn’t want to make any noise. He felt awkward enough in here, it would get worse if he did anything that drew attention to himself.

Once the most intense waves of euphoria seemed to have passed, he let his mouth go slack and exhaled a tiny sigh “Phew…” He kept glancing down, trying to make sure he wasn’t missing the bowl. This wasn’t the most comfortable position to urinate in, particularly when he was going for such a long time. He was even a little tempted to just sit down the rest of the way so that his legs could relax along with the rest of him. He knew better, though. If he touched the toilet, NONE of him would stay relaxed for much longer.

Once his bladder had wrung itself dry, and the bloated pain had been replaced by tingling numbness, he stood up the rest of the way and reached to pull his pants back up. As he did, his good feelings started to evaporate in the way he WISHED the pee coating his clothing would. His boxers felt like he’d let them soak in a bathtub for a few hours before putting them on. The crotch of his pants was a LOT darker than the rest of the material, and long tracks of dampness were visible all down his legs, the very bottoms of his pants made it look like he’d just walked through a rain puddle. Even his socks felt clammy, and the tops of his shoes were tinted darker.

He may have just released an ocean into the toilet, but he’d let one go in his pants as well. Even if he’d been able to FINISH peeing in the correct place, there was no way he could claim that he’d ‘made it’ in time. Anyone who looked at him would know he’d had an accident, they wouldn’t CARE that he’d gotten to a bathroom in the end. They’d just see his sodden pants and laugh…

Not to mention, this felt so REVOLTING. Now what?! He couldn’t STAY like this until he got home, that was hours from now! The acrid stench of his pee made him feel all twitchy, the chafing of his cold, wet clothes was nauseating! He couldn’t escape from the awful tactile sensations of his accident.

A burning began to take roost in the backs of his eyes, he felt dangerously close to crying. He wanted to be HOME right now. He wanted to wash himself, change, and then not leave his room for a few days. He didn’t want to leave the stall and face the world, but he couldn’t STAY there either.

A sob hitched in his throat, and he forced himself to shove the door open. He could wash his hands and arms off, at least. His hands had come into plenty of contact with his urine, after all. He hadn’t been able to stop letting loose into his palms.

He knew the best course of action would be to wash his hands as fast as he could and get OUT of that room but, faced as he was with such a stressful, disgusting event, once he STARTED to do something comforting, he found he couldn’t stop. He scrubbed his hands over and over, the sink faucet turned all the way to hot. He dug his nails into his palms and over the backs of his hands, clawing at them as though he could pry away all the awfulness of today if he just got his hands clean enough. He only managed to stop when he actually EMPTIED the soap dispenser of the sink he was at.

When the dispenser failed to squirt out anything else, something snapped apart in his head and he was able to pause and try to breathe again, tears falling.

He stopped breathing again when he heard a toilet flush. He wanted to run out before the stall door opened and he was left standing there in wet pants in front of a girl— In front of a COLLEGE girl— But, going into the hall was scary too, how many people would be out there?! In the end, he just froze as the door swung open.

A girl stepped out, Emmett tried not to pay attention to her, to how DRY she was, because SHE’D actually made it here in time… She looked at him for a second— The longest second of his life. “Did you… Spill something?” She asked.

He was positive she was humoring him, and that she knew PRECISELY what had actually happened. He was grateful that she was at least being nice. “U—Um…” he croaked out. “Yeah… I—I’m here on a tour with my sch—school, and I— Spilled something… Yeah.”

“Weird they’d bring you on a tour here,” the girl said. “When you can’t—“

“I h—have a twin sister, they mixed us up,” Emmett said. He wriggled, his pants felt more disgusting with each second. Shifting on his feet, he muttered, “I don’t wanna go back like this…”

“Have you met Professor Zander?”

Emmett shrugged. He didn’t know the name of the professor he’d been with earlier.

“He’s the only guy professor here,” she said. “I dunno. Maybe he has something you can wear. Might be big on you ‘cause you’re tiny, but at least it won’t be…” She glanced down at his crotch, making him blush.

Emmett nodded. “H—He might still be w—waiting in the hall for me,” he said. “B—Because… He was showing me where… Where I could find paper towels…”

He went to the door and opened it, Professor Zander was still there, and his face fell when he saw Emmett struggling to hide his very wet crotch. His brows furrowed, and he looked angry for a second which frightened Emmett. “I… I go swimming in the pool after my classes are done,” he said. “My swimsuit looks enough like a pair of shorts, you can wear that back to your school, I’ll just… I’ll get another one.”

“Y—You don’t have to do tha—“

“It’s fine, come on…” Professor Zander led Emmett down another hallway and into a lecture hall. He got a pair of swimming trunks from his bag and let Emmett change in the supply closet. Emmett felt a lot better after he’d peeled off his wet pants and boxers and put on something dry. He didn’t really know what to DO with his clothes, though, and stayed inside the closet for a few more minutes.

Professor Zander knocked. “You okay?”

“What should I do with my—“

“Leave them. I’ll get rid of them. Unless they’re important to y—“

“I’ll just… I’ll leave them,” Emmett said, leaving the closet. “I’m sorry…”

“So… Let me get this straight,” Professor Zander said. “Your school brought you to tour an all women’s university—“

“They made lists, and mixed me up with my twin sist—“

“Okay, so they made one small mistake. But, they brought you somewhere that the only public restrooms are designated for women— Where there are NO men’s rooms apart from a few only accessible if you have keys to the staff break-rooms— Then when you had… Um… When ‘nature called’, they refused to let you use a women’s room OR ask someone to get a key for you?”

Emmett nodded. “I— I tried really hard to wait—“

“You requested permission to use the women’s room.”

“Y—Yes…” Emmett nodded, blushing as he remembered that he’d nearly begged…

“You requested for them to get you a key.”

Emmett nodded, blushing harder. He’d DEFINITELY begged that time…

“So, you made it clear that it was… Urgent?”

More nodding. He’d asked so many times, and his dancing had been obvious enough.

“And what did they say?”

“They told me I had to hold it until we got back to my school,” Emmett said. “And I TRIED, but we’re still not even done with the tour, and it’s a couple hours to get to—“

“Hold on, you think that you’re the one who needs to apologize?” Professor Zander asked.

“Y—Yeah, I didn’t want to bother y—“

“None of this is your fault,” Professor Zander said firmly. “That your school would bring you somewhere without a men’s bathroom and refuse to let you use the women’s is ridiculous. What did they expect you to do?”

“H—Hold it unti—“

“Ridiculous,” Professor Zander repeated. “And cruel. I actually used to teach high school and, I swear, the rules the admins wanted me to enforce about students just using the bathroom were absurd. But, on field trips that was usually more relaxed… If you were in MY class, this wouldn’t have happened.”

“Thank you for… Um…” Emmett tugged nervously at the edges of the swim trunks. “For…”

“You’re welcome,” Professor Zander said. “Hey, if your teachers ever give you a hard time about using the bathroom again, remind them that in college you’re allowed to just get up and leave whenever you have to.”

Emmett left the room, feeling a bit better. At least he was cleaner now, anyway.

He wondered if Shelby had had similar issues touring the men’s university…

