Germaphobia - Page 2

Author: secretomoact

*028*2023-11-04 20:48

Written for the Omovember prompt “Shared Desperation”

Warning for internalized homophobia.

***

Devon’s behavior had escalated after the day Emmett ‘made’ him wet his pants in the bathroom. Even though Emmett had apologized for it, even though Emmett wasn’t entirely sure how that incident had even been HIS fault. He’d tried to finish quickly so Devon could have his turn, and if Devon hadn’t been yelling at him and making it so difficult to pee, he WOULD have been out of there a lot faster.

Ever since that day, Devon had been just terrible. Even worse than usual. He threw things at Emmett if they were ever in the hallway together. He insulted him every chance he got. He was trying his best to keep Emmett for accessing the restrooms again. If Devon ever noticed him heading towards one, he’d beat him there and then refuse to let him use it.

Sometimes, Emmett would beg him, apologize over and over for the incident in the restroom that day, promise to never let it happen again. Even as he said these things, they didn’t feel right to him. Shelby and Nova had both told him he had no REASON to apologize to Devon, and he knew they were right. Devon’s accident had not been his fault.

He just thought that if he managed to APPEASE Devon, he’d be allowed to wash his hands, or use the urinal, whichever activity he was dying to do.

His apologies never did any good. If Emmett was REALLY antsy, if his hands felt super contaminated, or his bladder was throbbing heavily, he’d rush off and try to find a different restroom, but Devon would follow at his heels. If he managed to get INTO the restroom, Devon would take advantage of the lack of supervision to grab Emmett and just hold him in place. Devon was so much stronger than him, and he couldn’t wriggle free. He’d just squirm, feeling like Devon was infecting him with grime, until the bell rang and both of them needed to go to class.

At most, Emmett would have time to wash his hands off after Devon released him. But, if he also needed to pee, there was no way he could get that done without being late for class. And, he really couldn’t be late for class. There was a reason the sound of the bell was enough to get Devon to let go of him; The school had implemented a new rule to combat an apparent epidemic of tardies. Every minute late to a class would net a student fifteen minutes of after school detention.

Emmett didn’t have a license yet, much less a car. So, if he was kept after school, he’d miss the bus, and his Dad would have to drive out to get him. Emmett had NEVER gotten detention before, he just knew Dad would be so disappointed in him if that ever changed.

But, it did change. Eventually, Devon cornered Emmett in the bathroom like he always did, pinned him to the wall and held him in place as usual. The taunts began, “What’s the matter, gonna pee in your pants?”

This time, Emmett seriously thought he would. His bladder had been surging all through his first period class, scolding him for forgetting his morning pee since he’d stayed up too late studying for a test— A test which he now worried Devon was going to make him LATE for, and one which he had NO chance of passing unless he relieved himself first. He could barely concentrate on what Devon was saying to him thanks to the heinous bloat within him, he definitely wouldn’t be able to concentrate on Math…

“Ha, you ARE having an accident,” Devon smirked.

Emmett glanced down to his crotch, but he didn’t see anything. He felt stupid. He knew what was coming up next. This was a favorite game of Devon’s…

“Pfft, you fell for that again? Jeez, you can’t even tell if you’re peeing or not! What a baby…”

“Please,” Emmett winced, trying to push past the arms forcing him against the wall. He couldn’t get them to budge, though. And they felt dirty. Emmett was sure Devon had poor hygiene. Why would he make fun of him constantly for simply washing his hands, unless he just never DID it? Not to mention, Devon was somehow totally comfortable having his palms pressed flat against the wall of a public restroom, just to keep Emmett from urinating.

Emmett was miserable enough having his clothed back touching the filthy surface. He could feel the contamination seeping onto his skin through the fabric.

“I’m s—sorry,” Emmett said. “Can’t you just let me—“

“No,” Devon said. “Just pee your pants if you gotta go that badly.”

“Please—“

Devon removed one hand from the wall and Emmett tried to use the opportunity to break away and lock himself into a stall where he’d be SAFE from Devon and free to relax his bladder, but Devon moved too quickly. He slammed his free hand onto Emmett’s lower belly and pressed down.

Emmett wriggled frantically beneath the touch, legs knotting up. “Nnnnh, stoppit!” He moaned. He ACTUALLY couldn’t tell if he was peeing now, his bladder was cramping, liquid shooting against his opening. His length burned, but he couldn’t tell if that was caused by the pain or by warm liquid starting to coat it.

Devon laughed, pressed harder. “Does this hurt you?” He asked mockingly. “Do you not like this?”

“STOP!” Emmett pleaded. He was going to burst, his bladder was going to be squeezed open by Devon’s unforgiving touch, and he was going to soak his pants right before a big test. He was going to be drenched, he was going to have to walk to the nurse with an obvious pee stain running down his legs, his own bodily fluids contaminating his skin.

“Why should I?” Devon asked. “Give me one good reaso—“

RIIIING!

“Dammit,” Devon muttered, finally letting go. “This isn’t finished,” he warned as he hurried out of the room.

For a second, Emmett just stood there. The loss of the horrific pressure from Devon’s hand felt incredible. It was enough of a relief that it made him let out a slow sigh, but within seconds his bladder was sending him shooting pains again and he had to grab himself to avoid letting loose a rather insistent leak.

He was clutching his crotch, hopping up and down, and sweating with the effort to avoid an accident, even though he was now ALONE in a room filled with toilets. But, the BELL had gone off, he only had one minute left to get to class or else he was going to be late. He hadn’t used the bathroom since last night, it felt like he had an entire lake locked up in his body. No way would he empty out in under a minute.

His next class was about an hour, and even if he managed to last through it without an accident, Devon would probably follow him and try to keep him from relief again afterwards.

Emmett couldn’t go to class without peeing first. He WOULD wet his pants if he tried that. His bladder was still pulsing angrily after Devon’s torment of it. It refused to calm down all the way. Either Emmett used the toilet and let himself be a little late, or he left now and risked wetting his pants as he failed an important test because he couldn’t concentrate.

Maybe his teacher would UNDERSTAND him being a little tardy if he explained the situation. He wouldn’t mention Devon— The one time he’d tried to report Devon for bullying, all that had happened was the principal told them to try to avoid one another, which only made Devon focus on him more.

Emmett would just say “Sorry I’m late, I really needed to use the bathroom,” and hope for the best.

For now, he got himself in front of a urinal and unzipped. His bladder released the instant he’d aimed but, to his dismay, it wasn’t gushing out with the force he NEEDED it to. Instead, it was a slow, dismal trickle.

That happened occasionally. There were times where he’d get so desperate that, when he finally let it out, his holding muscles were just so shot and knotted that they wouldn’t unclench completely. So, the result was a sluggish, dribbly excuse for a ‘stream’ that barely gave him any relief. If anything, it just stung as it drizzled out.

More importantly, Emmett was in a real HURRY now. He needed his bladder to empty as fast as possible so that he WOULDN’T be super late for class. He attempted to push and get himself to drain faster, but it was no use. The irritated walls of his bladder seemed to have forgotten how to squeeze.

He even tried to ‘massage’ his bladder, running a hand against the solid, distended curve in his middle. That did nothing to speed up his flow, only made the aching in his pelvic region worsen.

When he finally managed to finish, he supposed he DID feel better. The thunderous pressure had lifted, and he wasn’t terrified of having an accident anymore.

Just like he’d tried to PEE quickly, he also tried to wash his hands quickly. But, this endeavor was no more successful than the first had been. He could still feel Devon’s grime on his skin, and he ended up needing to scrub all the way up to his elbows to silence the shouts in his head that told him he was going to get terribly sick.

By the time he’d gotten to class, he was eight minutes late, which was equal to two hours of detention. He was called to the Ms. Hancroft’s desk, whom asked him why he was late, and he tried to explain that he’d needed to pee. She asked why he’d taken so long to do that, and he hesitated. If he mentioned how Devon hadn’t ALLOWED him to go to the toilet, he doubted anything would actually happen to his bully. Devon WOULD probably be informed that he’d TOLD though and, armed with a new reason to pick on him, everything would escalate.

So, he shrugged. “I… I’m sorry,” he said softly.

“See you after school,” Ms. Hancroft told him. She handed him his test.

Emmett sat at his desk and TRIED to concentrate on the exam, but he was too nervous. His head was buzzing. He’d never had detention before, and two full hours just for relieving his bladder seemed really excessive. He debated if he should call Dad after this class finished to let him know what was going on, or if he should instead tell Shelby to inform him.

He tried to push that from his mind so he could pass this stupid test— IT was the cause of all this, anyway. If he hadn’t needed to stay up so late studying, he wouldn’t have been so tired that he’d accidentally left the house without peeing. If he’d peed before school, he wouldn’t have been needed the bathroom, he wouldn’t have gotten cornered by Devon, he wouldn’t have been SO full that he’d had no choice but to use the urinal and be late for class.

He would have been fine.

He somehow managed to finish the test, and he hoped he hadn’t done too terribly on it. Once out of the classroom, he took out his phone and called Dad.

Dad answered on the first ring. “Did something happen?” He asked. Emmett only ever used his phone at school if it was an emergency.

“I…” Emmett stammered, voice soft and timid. “I… Um… I have detention for two hours after school today. I won’t be able to take the bus. I’ll need you t—“

“What?” Dad asked. “How did— What did you do?”

“I… Uh… I forgot to go to the bathroom before leaving this morning,” Emmett said. “And… I had to go, and it made me late to class.”

“How late?”

“Eight minutes…”

“They’re giving you two hours for eight minu—“ Dad stopped. “Son, how much of that time was spent on peeing and walking to class?”

“I— I didn’t time it!” Emmett said. “But… Like I said, I hadn’t gone since last night, so it took… A bit. And my next class was a couple halls away, so—“

“How long did you wash your hands for?” Dad prompted.

“Um… I don’t know…” Emmett said. “Not too long… Definitely not as long as it took me to… Go.”

“… Okay,” Dad said. “Two hours for THIS is still ridiculous. Next time, just try to be a little faster if you can. Try to get it done before the bell rings.”

“I— Uh, I tried to but…” Emmett bit his lip. Maybe Dad would do more to help with Devon than the school was. He at least didn’t think Dad would let Devon know he’d told… “I… Did try to go before the bell rang, but there’s this guy in my class, and he—“

Before he could finish, he felt himself being shoved, his wrists being grasped and his phone getting pried away from him. “Ah—! Hey!”

Emmett spun to face Devon, whom now held his phone high above his head. Devon was significantly taller, Emmett couldn’t reach no matter how much he stretched and Devon grinned at him. “You want this?”

“Give it back!”

“Babies who go crying to Daddy shouldn’t HAVE phones,” Devon said. “They’re not old enough for them.”

“Devon—“

Devon’s smile widened, and then faster than Emmett could react, he hurled the phone against the floor as hard as he could.

“Why would you—“

Ms. Hancroft poked her head out of the classroom. “What is all this yelling about? Go to class!”

Emmett spoke without thinking “He broke my—“

Ms. Hancroft glanced down at the phone laying on the floor. “Is that yours? Give it to me,” she ordered.

Right. Emmett had to pick the phone back up. Off of the floor. The very scuffed, filthy floor that hundreds of people walked all over every day. His hands shook. He told himself to crouch down, to allow his fingers to make contact. If he was careful, maybe they wouldn’t even graze the ground as he gripped the phone.

“Well?!” Ms. Hancroft asked. “Are you going to—“

“He’s too scared,” Devon laughed. “He thinks the floor’s gonna bite him.”

“I don’t—“ Emmett whimpered. “I just— I—“ His fingers twitched, they felt itchy. His throat was constricting as well.

“Just pick it up,” Ms. Hancroft said, rolling her eyes. “What’s the matter with you today?”

‘What’s the matter with you?’

Emmett had heard those words so many times. Whenever he couldn’t force himself to touch something, whenever he scrubbed his hands and caused the chapped skin to begin bleeding again, whenever he really lost it and started to hyperventilate for seemingly no reason.

He knew what people saw when they looked at him… He knew they saw an escaped mental patient.

He managed to bend down a little. When he grasped his phone, the very tips of his fingers brushed against the dirty floor. Instantly, he felt contaminated. He felt the grime moving up his fingers, through his hands, all the way across his arm. He felt it seeping through his skin— he knew it didn’t work that way, but it still FELT like it did.

“Give it,” Ms. Hancroft repeated, her hand open.

Emmett passed it to her. She turned it over, revealing the utterly shattered screen. “Devon, did you do this?”

“No.”

“I’m sure Emmett did not throw his own phone on the floor.”

“He dropped it.”

“I heard it being thrown,” Ms. Hancroft said. “You know what? You can join him in detention— Two hours after school.”

So… Devon got the EXACT same punishment for busting a five hundred dollar phone that Emmett had gotten for needing to pee. Emmett didn’t see how that was in any way fair.

Worse, now that Emmett had gotten Devon into trouble, he knew to expect even more tormenting.

When Ms. Hancroft gave him his phone back, he wondered if his Dad was still on the line. Now that it had been on the floor, he knew that he wouldn’t be able to put the thing near his mouth until he’d sterilized it. He’d have to put Dad on speaker…

But, a moment later he realized that it didn’t matter. The phone had shut off and refused to turn back on. Devon had done more damage than just destroying the screen, he’d broken it completely.

Emmett had to hurry to his next class to avoid being late again. He had no time to wash his hands off, even though they felt infected right down to the bone. He was able to use hand-sanitizer, but that wasn’t ENOUGH. He needed scalding hot water, and lots of it, before he’d be able to feel clean again.

During lunch, he managed to scrub himself properly. He felt a little better, but only by a smidge. Dad was going to be absolutely furious. Not only had he gotten detention, he’d broken his expensive phone. Dad was going to have to drive over here to pick him up. Dad was going to have to help him pay for a replacement phone. Emmett wished he could stop screwing up…

He COULDN’T stop screwing up.

By the end of the school day, Emmett had to use the toilet once again. Urgently, too. His bladder had a really annoying habit of filling itself up faster when he was anxious— And he’d spent the majority of today with his nerves shot to Hell.

All through his last class, he’d been staring at the clock, willing it to move faster but frightened of what would happen when the bell finally rang. He didn’t know how detention worked, if he’d be allowed to leave the room for an ‘emergency’… He didn’t want to take the risk. No way could he hold it for two more hours, he was ripping apart at the seams already. He would NEED to pee before going to the detention room.

But, Devon was in this class with him, and was FURIOUS with him. Emmett expected the guy to follow him from the classroom and, once he saw him try to duck into a restroom, he would grab him and refuse to let him use it. Just like always.

Emmett was trying not to squirm. If Devon noticed, he’d know he had to pee, he’d know to follow him and prevent him from doing so. Emmett HAD to squirm, though! His thigh muscles were trembling, his back stiff as a board.

At last, the class ended. Emmett gingerly got to his feet and slowly walked for the door. He had to move carefully so as not to disturb the engorged organ in his midsection. He had to move casually, or as Devon would know…

He got to the door, out of Devon’s sight, and bolted. He decided to head for a bathroom that was further away from this class. Devon wouldn’t expect that. He went down a few hallways, his bladder angrily protesting each and every one of his steps. When he finally saw the door he wanted at the end of the hall, he picked up his pace.

He was just barely past Ms. Hancroft’s classroom when she opened the door. “Where are you going?” She asked.

“N—Need the bathroom,” Emmett said. “I’ll be right back.”

“I’ve heard that excuse before,” Ms. Hancroft said. “Get in here.”

“It’s not an ex-excuse, I really do have to—“

“Really. Two ‘emergencies’ in one day? You expect me to believe that?”

Emmett didn’t understand that logic. His first emergency had been hours ago now. It wasn’t as though his kidneys STOPPED making urine once he’d already been desperate enough times. His body wasn’t going to decide ‘Oh, guess he’s been through enough now. Better knock it off.’ He shifted between his feet, lip caught between his teeth. “I’m serious,” he said. “I’m r—really sorry, I promise I’ll be fast.”

“Get in here,” Ms. Hancroft repeated. “If you really need the bathroom, you can use it in two hours.”

Emmett didn’t think he could LAST two hours!

He didn’t know what else he could do, though. He wished he was more like Shelby. If Shelby were in his position right now, she’d say “Fuck you, I’m not gonna sit there and wet my pants,” before storming off.

Emmett… Couldn’t do things like that. No matter how desperately he needed to…

So, obediently, he entered the room that was going to be his prison for the next couple hours. He sat at a desk, fanning his knees in and out. Maybe if he focused on something else, the time would pass quickly. Yeah, he’d read or get started on homework, or… Anything that would take his mind off of his roiling bladder.

Ms. Hancroft went to the door again. Emmett overheard her talking to Devon. “You aren’t skipping out on this. Get in here.”

Emmett bounced his knees as he stared at the clock. He swore it was broken. The second hand was jerking forwards way too slowly. Surely he’d been sitting here, holding back his flood, for at least ten minutes already— It couldn’t have only been fifteen seconds! Ah, he had to—

“I really have to pee first,” Devon’s voice.

Ms. Hancroft snorted. “Did you two coordinate this? You both have the same excuse. I’m not falling for it. Sit down.”

Emmett stopped squirming for a second, paying closer attention. Did Devon ACTUALLY have to go? Would he be able to tend to his need in the way Emmett hadn’t been? Emmett expected Devon to be more willing to tell Ms. Hancroft off, use the bathroom whether she gave him permission to or not.

It seemed he WAS going to do exactly that. “No,” Devon said. “I have to use the bathroom.”

“No, you don’t,” Ms. Hancroft said. “Get back here. If you walk away from me, you’ll have detention for the rest of the week.”

Apparently, the threat was too much for Devon, because a minute later he’d joined Emmett in the classroom, sitting as far away from him as he could possibly get. Not that Emmett MINDED that, he didn’t want Devon near him anyway.

Looking at his bully, Emmett thought that maybe he really did have to go. He hadn’t noticed it in class earlier, but Devon was a lot more antsy than usual, shifting from side to side in his seat, tapping his feet, adjusting his pants. He definitely didn’t look comfortable.

Emmett couldn’t find it in him to feel any sympathy for Devon. He actually TRIED to, but there was nothing there. Even as Emmett suffered the brutal throbs of his own bursting bladder, he still wasn’t able to conjure up any empathy for Devon. Not even being in the same awful situation as him could make Emmett feel bad.

But, Emmett DID sort of feel bad for… Not feeling bad. He thought it was pretty obvious that both him and Devon were in dire need of a bathroom break, neither of them was able to hold still. Ms. Hancroft SHOULD allow them to go, and Emmett SHOULD feel sorry for Devon that she’d refused him.

He just… Couldn’t do it, and guilt knotted up his chest as a result. The sensation managed to distract him from his bladder for a moment, but quickly that fizzled away to be replaced by the relentless pounding of his ever-worsening need.

All he could think about was peeing, and of how angry Dad was going to be when he came to get him. The detention was already bad enough, but he’d failed to finish his phone call with him and gotten his phone broken on top of that. He was going to be in so much trouble. None of this would have even happened if he’d just remembered to use the toilet before leaving that morning!

If he’d only done that, he wouldn’t have been so desperate that he made himself late to class. He wouldn’t have needed to call Dad and give Devon the opportunity to break his phone. His holding muscles wouldn’t have gotten so tired out that he was now, once again, struggling not to pee on himself.

Emmett looked back up at the clock, dismayed to see that only a handful of minutes had passed. He didn’t think it was possible for him to last two hours this way. He couldn’t allow any part of his lower body to relax even slightly. If he let any of the knots unwind or loosen, he knew he’d spill. He wriggled in his seat, feet dragging against the floor as he clutched at himself.

Ms. Hancroft looked up from her own desk, glaring down at his bouncing, crossing feet. “No foot-tapping. You’re supposed to stay silent.”

Emmett hadn’t realized that his squirms were producing any noise. He tried to hold himself still, but could only manage it for a couple seconds before he felt a burst of heat spurt from his tip and wet the insides of his boxers. Immediately, his frenzied motions resumed. He couldn’t help it. His bladder had taken complete control, and it didn’t care about being silent.

“Shhh!” Ms. Hancroft told him sternly.

Emmett didn’t even try to still himself again. The hold he had over his bladder was so precarious, he had to do everything he could to keep it from breaking open and shooting its contents down his legs. The hiss of his stream angrily pounding out of him, and the splash of it striking the ground, would be way louder than any foot-tapping.

His heart was already thundering at the horror of feeling so far beyond his limit, and the very real possibility that he may begin flooding his clothes with his own revolting bodily fluids. His heartbeat was amplified in his ears when Ms. Hancroft stood from her desk and approached him. “You need to stop making noise,” she told him. “I know you’ve never had detention before, but this room is to stay silent until you’re dismissed.”

Emmett rubbed his ankles together, squeezing himself harder, attempting to pinch his aching urethra shut, but there was still SO much pressure right at the tip, so eager to trickle out… “I’m sorry, I just really need to use the bathroom… Please, can I go?”

Ms. Hancroft rolled her eyes as she shook her head. “We’ve already discussed this. I’m sure it’s not a coincidence that both you and Devon are suddenly having these terrible emergencies at the same time detention is starting.”

Emmett didn’t understand how she could look at him right now and NOT realize that his bladder was close to splitting him open. As embarrassing as it was, he knew all the uncontrollable squirming, bouncing and holding made him into the picture of desperation. “I really have to go, I promise. I’ll come right back when I’m done.”

“You have one hour and fifty minutes left,” Ms. Hancroft informed. “Even if you DO need to visit the toilet, you’re old enough to wait that long.”

Emmett wasn’t sure what his age had to do with it. His bladder had a limited capacity and, right now, it was full. No matter how old he was, it could still overflow if he continued to be denied access to the toilet. “But, I—“

“Sit there,” Ms. Hancroft said. “Get started on some of your homework.”

Emmett HAD wanted to do that as a form of distraction, anyway. Though, he wasn’t sure if he could remove one of his hands from his crotch for long enough to actually write anything. He retrieved his Math book, a sheet of paper and a pencil, and just the few seconds it took to do that made his abdomen throb more strongly. Once everything was out, his hand went right back to between his legs, his bladder demanding that he resume his double-handed grip.

As Emmett tried to gain enough control over himself to actually start his homework, Devon jiggled his knees and stared at the clock. Unlike Emmett, he’d served detention before. But, he’d never had to sit through it while THIS desperate to pee. He’d realized during his last class of the day that he actually hadn’t used the restroom since that morning, and that his bladder was none too pleased with him for that. He’d been sure that he’d be able to relieve himself before coming here, and was furious with Ms. Hancroft for not allowing it.

He could tell Emmett was in a similar situation. Emmett wasn’t doing much to CONCEAL that after all, both hands wedged firmly between his thighs as he constantly shifted in all directions. Devon was trying not to watch him, knowing that Emmett’s utter urgency could rub off on him. Devon thought HE might be able to last until the end of detention, whereas he gave Emmett about twenty more minutes before he soaked himself.

It was difficult not to pay attention, though. They way Emmett was moving was kind of like watching an on-coming car-wreck. It was so obvious that a disaster was about to take place.

Devon ALWAYS tried not to notice Emmett. He really, really did. Even when they WEREN’T both desperate to pee, Devon just hated looking at him. He had ever since the fifth grade. He hated having to see him. It pissed him off.

Emmett didn’t USED to annoy him so much. Up until they were ten, Devon really HADN’T ever noticed him, or thought twice about him. He was just… There, just one of the people he went to school with. But, in fifth grade, that was when it changed. Devon had been bored in class and just kind of looking around, day-dreaming, and then he’d seen Emmett and he’d thought to himself ‘He’s kind of cute.’

Revulsion had filled his chest at his own thoughts. Revulsion and terror. He’d looked away, staring out at everyone else, certain that somehow they’d been able to read his mind, that they knew that he’d just thought something disgusting.

Then, the thoughts just kept coming. Every day. Every time he saw Emmett, he’d have those thoughts, and a confused mix of feelings that left him nauseated. Devon never told anyone. He knew what his parents would do. He knew they’d be even more appalled by him than he was by himself. They’d made that clear just from how they talked about the gay couple that lived a block away from them.

Devon did not like Emmett, because he could not like Emmett.

He told himself that if he ignored them, the thoughts would go away. They didn’t. They just got worse. And, in sixth grade when Emmett spoke to him one day, the most horrible thing of all happened. His body did something it never had before, something uncomfortable, embarrassing, and wrong. He’d hidden it and run to the restroom. He hated himself, he was gross, he was a degenerate, he did not belong in society. That was what his parents said about their neighbors, so that meant all of those things applied to him, too.

He wasn’t supposed to feel that way. It was all Emmett’s fault. If he weren’t around, Devon wouldn’t HAVE those reprehensible thoughts. Devon would be normal. What was Emmett’s problem, anyway? Why did he have to act timid and cute? He was acting like a girl, that was probably what had confused Devon, that was why the idea of kissing him was so appealing. Emmett KNEW what he was doing, he was trying to pervert Devon, make him feel things that he normally wouldn’t, things that he SHOULDN’T.

He hated Emmett.

But, the thoughts wouldn’t go away. Every time he got too close to him, the thoughts would emerge. And Devon would just get so enraged that he NEEDED to hurt Emmett for making him feel the way he did. If he just hurt Emmett badly enough, it would go away.

It hadn’t yet.

And now he was having trouble looking away from him again. Emmett was being so irritating, fidgeting like crazy, letting out all those choppy, pained breaths, face flushed with sweat and embarrassment. Devon hoped Emmett hurried up and pissed his pants soon, he was tired of seeing that pathetic look on his face. Once he peed himself, he was going to start crying though. He always cried when stuff like that happened, he was so weak and sensitive. He wasn’t manly at all— That was why he’d confused Devon. Devon knew he liked girls, Emmett just acted too much like a girl was all.

Devon couldn’t name even one girl that he’d ever had a thing for.

He’d tried going after Shelby once, which he’d scornfully admitted to himself was purely because she LOOKED a bit like Emmett. It hadn’t even worked out, she’d just punched him after barely even one full conversation and told him never to speak to her again.

If Emmett hadn’t confused him, Devon was sure there would be tons of girls he liked. Emmett had infected him, and that was even more frustrating. The guy spent so much time cleaning himself and obsessing over germs, yet he’d STILL made Devon sick.

Devon KNEW it was a disease that he had. His parents always said that their neighbors had a disease, and that there were cures for it, but their neighbors just hadn’t worked hard enough to heal themselves. Devon was trying to heal himself, he was trying as hard as he could to destroy the person that had done this to him, so he could get better.

Emmett let out a whimpering moan and bounced a few more times in his seat. Devon’s own bladder shuddered, and his legs wound themselves more tautly together. He groaned as well, eyes squeezing closed. He hoped that, when Emmett pissed his pants, it didn’t lead to any sort of ‘chain reaction’ in him. Devon was beginning to actually DOUBT his ability to wait until detention was over, he didn’t think he’d be able to make it if he had to listen to Emmett’s stream flooding out.

Devon reached down and held onto himself, gnashing his teeth together. He tried not to freak out. It wasn’t like he’d never been desperate at school before. This wasn’t even the worst bout he’d ever suffered. That had to go to the day Emmett had made him piss himself, and given him one MORE reason to despise him. It wasn’t even JUST that he’d caused Devon to have an accident, it was that he’d APOLOGIZED afterwards. That had made Devon’s anger go from a simmer to an inferno.

What kind of moron saw the person that tormented them every day standing there in soaked pants and then just APOLOGIZED? A normal person would laugh— Devon would have been far less mad if Emmett had laughed. But, oh no, he couldn’t be fucking normal. He had to be this… sickeningly sweet, kindhearted, little— God, Devon hated him so much!

He needed to stop thinking about that day. Because, now he wasn’t JUST thinking about how infuriating Emmett was, he was also remembering how… How fucking GOOD it had felt to pee after spending so much time with his bladder stretched to the limit. Oh, that had been so… He’d never had to pee that bad before, and for the first few seconds, before he’d realized that he was having an accident, he’d been in total bliss.

His bladder throbbed and cramped harshly, begging to be allowed to feel that way again right now. It would serve Ms. Hancroft RIGHT to have one of the chairs here drenched in piss. It would be all HER fault. He’d told her he needed to pee, he’d been VERY clear that it was an emergency…

The idea of deliberately letting it out was very tempting. But, Devon knew better than to allow it to come to fruition. Emmett was still here, and instead of laughing he’d apologize again, probably while wetting his own pants since the sound of Devon’s accident would be unbearable to him. Just… Just one more reminder of what a nice, charming, merciful little wretch he was. Then, when Devon got HOME—

Emmett squeaked suddenly. There was no other way to describe the pained, horrified noise that shot out of his mouth. “Ah—!”

Ms. Hancroft stood again, looking angrily in his direction. “Quiet!” She reminded him yet again.

“I—I’m sorry…” Emmett whimpered, making Devon’s blood boil again. Why was he LIKE that?! A normal person would yell at Ms. Hancroft, demand the toilet, call her a bitch. Devon couldn’t even imagine Emmett swearing, he was too fucking tender and soft, it made him SICK.

“Shhh,” Ms. Hancroft hushed him.

“I— I think I’m going to—“ Emmett’s voice was just getting softer and softer. He was trembling, his eyes were welling up. “H—How much longer? I still— I really have to use the—“

“One more hour,” Ms. Hancroft said. “Can we drop this now? You don’t need the bathroom.”

Emmett flinched and went silent again. Another hour of this? He was amazed he’d made it through ONE. He could feel how sodden the crotch of his pants was, could feel the clammy sensation against his bare hands, could feel droplets oozing into his palms… It was so disgusting, he felt filthy, he wanted to let go so that his hands would STOP being contaminated every time his bladder spasmed, but they were the only things keeping his ocean at bay anymore. Every time he attempted to loosen his hold, pee trickled out straight away. He NEEDED to keep his opening pinched closed, it was the only thing stopping every drop from blasting out in a pressurized rush.

He wasn’t going to make it. He’d explode. He really, really, really had to go. He had only managed to do a single problem on his Math homework before his bladder had shuddered with sick violence, demanding BOTH hands be placed back on his dick, and his full attention being granted to the task of keeping his urine where it belonged.

Even IF he made it to the end of this next hour, he’d still have to stand up. He’d have to run down the hallway, he’d have to get TO the restroom, open the door, hope Devon didn’t try to stop him— because if Devon pinned him down and pushed on his bladder again now, he would explode instantaneously. He’d have to make it to a urinal, unzip his pants… It was too much. He’d never manage it all in time.

On a whim, he decided that it might help if he crossed ONE of those things off his list early. If he unzipped his pants NOW, then all he’d need to do was pull his cock free right away. If he did it NOW, he wouldn’t have to fight with the zipper while bouncing up and down in front of a urinal. Most of his worst leaks happened when trying to undo his pants while looking at a toilet. If he didn’t need to deal with it this time, maybe he’d have a SLIGHTLY better chance of not completely drenching himself.

He quickly released his dick, liquid immediately dribbling out now that nothing was pressing it inside him. As fast as he could, he yanked down his zipper and shoved his hands back into place. His pants being open gave him another advantage he hadn’t anticipated. He reached inside them, past the opening of his boxers, and grasped himself properly, no fabric barriers between his hands and the pipe his urine was fighting so desperately to flow through.

The more stable grip on his member made him feel slightly more in control of himself. It felt utterly gross and dirty to be touching that area of his body in public, but no one knew what he was doing and he was going to wash himself thoroughly as soon as his bladder was finally empty. Right now, he just had to make sure he didn’t wet himself.

Devon was struggling more now as well. The sweat running off his forehead was starting to blur his vision, since he couldn’t move his hands away from his dick to wipe his eyes. A few more seconds passed, and he felt his first leak ooze out, followed immediately by another, and then another. After a fourth leak, his involuntary releases transformed into a more consistent stream and he felt his crotch growing damp and warm. He strained, bucking against his clenched hands and moaning out; “Come ON! I’m going to wet my freaking pants! Let me use the toilet!”

Ms. Hancroft stood abruptly, scooting her chair back so hard that it screeched against the floor. “Devon, that kind of language is not appreciated. Especially since you aren’t supposed to be speaking at all.”

“Do you want me to pee on the floor?” Devon demanded. “Because that’s what’s gonna happen.”

“Oh, I doubt that,” Ms. Hancroft said dismissively. “Like I already told Emmett, it’s time to drop this. Neither of you is going to the bathroom, you don’t need it. Be mature and sit quietly until I dismiss you.”

When she was partway back to her desk, Devon muttered “Bitch…” because he was NORMAL and didn’t take this kind of shit laying down like some whimpering, gentle puppy. Like Emmett.

Ms. Hancroft froze in her tracks. “WHAT was that?”

Devon didn’t hesitate. She knew what he’d said. No point in denying it. “I said that you’re a bitch.”

“That’s what I THOUGHT,” Ms. Hancroft snapped. “You just bought yourself and Emmett another thirty minutes.”

“WHAT?!” Emmett cried out. How was that fair?! He hadn’t called her anything!

“Don’t pretend you haven’t been part of this too, Emmett,” Ms. Hancroft said. “I’ve had to tell you to be quiet plenty of times.”

“But I didn’t call you—“

“You’ve been just as disruptive,” Ms. Hancroft insisted. “Now, do you want to keep it at JUST thirty minutes, or do you want to keep arguing with me?”

Emmett said nothing, and fought not to cry as he was forced to accept that he was DEFINITELY going to wet his pants. Another thirty minutes would kill him for sure. His bladder couldn’t last that long, no matter what he did or how hard he tried to hold it back. It struck him that nothing was physically PREVENTING him from leaving this room. The door wasn’t locked, and Ms. Hancroft wasn’t some kind of otherworldly demon capable of erecting invisible forcefields. Emmett was capable of exiting the room, going to the toilet as fast as his distended, waterlogged body would let him, peeing out the barrel of liquid he was struggling to contain…

But, he really WASN’T capable of doing that. He’d get a worse punishment, he’d probably have another detention tomorrow. Even if he came straight back, like he’d promised over and over because ALL he had to do was relieve his bladder— Please, please, for the love of God just let him pee, please…

He realized he WAS crying now, tears burning the corners of his eyes before silently rolling down his cheeks. He couldn’t move his hands to brush them away. He wasn’t sure if he was tearing up from the frustration of it all, or from just how bad everything was starting to hurt. He had to pee so much that he was getting dizzy, his heart pounding so hard in his chest that it was painful. He could feel his pulse racing, the sensations that came right before he had a panic attack.

A panic attack would guarantee an accident, and Devon would just love the Hell out of that. He thought it was hilarious when Emmett ‘freaked out’ and panicked. He thought it was hilarious when Emmett wet himself. When both those things happened at once, Devon found it hysterical. Emmett would never hear the end of it…

That made him cry more, made his chest tighten more, he knew that if he didn’t soothe himself somehow it was only a matter of seconds before he was a shaking, hyperventilating mess and piss was exploding out of him uncontrollably.

He had to breathe, had to remember how. Deep breaths, deep, slow breaths. They slowed his heart’s rapid fire beats but they stretched the skin over his swollen bladder so painfully. Every exhale made him dribble, but the panic was ebbing somewhat. Some control was coming back, his vision was clearing. ‘Calm, calm… Please, try to calm down…’ he thought. ‘Stay calm, please… Don’t freak out, don’t pee, don’t— Please, please let me pee, I can’t hold it, I need to pee now, please— Just— Just calm down. No peeing. No panicking.’

While Emmett tried not to lose all control over himself, Devon was doing much the same thing. His bladder felt seconds away from erupting like a geyser. Time was moving in a strange, fragmented way, and he had no idea how much longer he still had to wait. Now that he’d gotten an extra half hour tacked onto their punishment, he too was positive that an accident was inevitable. He just— He couldn’t take much more of the pressure. His bladder was in agony. His whole body was in agony. If he didn’t pee soon, he was probably going to just… Die, or something.

Another leak, then another, and another. He was peeing— Having an accident— But not in full force by any means. He needed to completely open the floodgates, piss like crazy, letting out a fucking fire-hose of pure, blissful, orgasmic relief. The knowledge of what awaited him at home if he came back drenched was the only thing keeping him from giving up altogether. The only thing preventing him from just admitting defeat and letting go, giving over to the ecstasy of release.

Devon heard the classroom door opening. A short blond man walked in. Devon didn’t recognize him, but when he opened his mouth and spoke, he knew who he must have been. “Hey, son. Why are you still here? You said two hours, right?”

Before Emmett could tell his father anything, Ms. Hancroft informed; “He and Devon both earned another half hour, you can go wait for him somewhere else.”

Emmett’s dad didn’t leave right away, though. “Why an extra half hour, if you don’t mind me asking?”

“Well, that one swore at me,” Ms. Hancroft pointed to Devon. “And the other wouldn’t stop asking to go to the bathroom.”

Emmett’s dad looked at his son, whom by that point was half-way out of his chair, legs knotted up as he swayed restlessly and dug his hands firmly between his writhing thighs. “I see you didn’t let him,” he said.

“He doesn’t need to,” Ms. Hancroft explained. “He’s trying to leave early.”

“That doesn’t sound like my son… He’s only HERE to begin with because he needed the bathroom, isn’t he?”

“He’s here because he was late,” Ms. Hancroft corrected. “Even IF he was late because he was using the toilet— which I doubt— that isn’t an excuse.”

“I’m sure he DID need to go, I know my son,” Emmett’s dad said. “He doesn’t skip class. I’m going to be taking him home now.”

“He still has—“

“He HAS to use the bathroom,” Emmett’s dad interrupted. “Frankly, it’s ridiculous that basically ANY time I hear about him being in trouble at school, it’s over THIS. Don’t you have better things to do with your time here? I’m concerned about how much he’s actually being taught when it sounds like more focus is put on making sure that he— a legal adult, I might add— isn’t allowed to use the toilet when he needs to.”

“If you take him now, he will have to serve the rest of his time tomor—“

“No,” Emmett’s dad said. “If he receives any more detentions for needing the bathroom, he won’t be serving them. I’m done with this. Come on, son.”

Emmett tried to get all the way onto his feet, but— Ahhh, it just hurt so much, it was so bad— All he could manage was a half hunched over posture and when he walked his knees rubbed together. His hands were still pressed at his crotch.

Devon watched Emmett leave with his father. A rage boiled in him. He was… Overcome with envy. And it wasn’t even just because Emmett was getting to relieve his bladder now, while HE had to keep holding it. Devon knew his own dad would NEVER do anything like that. The day he’d wet himself while in line for the toilet, when he’d come home and hadn’t been able to hide his soaked clothes fast enough, his dad had beaten the absolute SHIT out of him for being too damn weak to make it to the toilet in time.

Emmett’s dad just fucking CODDLED him when he had emergencies. It was disgusting.

***

“Okay, okay…” Dad said as they finally reached the door to the room Emmett needed so badly. He sounded as relieved as Emmett felt, which made his son blush. It was obvious Dad had been concerned that he wouldn’t make it all the way down the hall in time.

Emmett shoved open the door and frantically rushed for the closest urinal. He was SO glad he’d unzipped his pants already, because he was already gushing as he fumbled himself out of them. His stream blasted the porcelain with a loud, amazingly satisfying hiss. His breathing slowed down as the awful pressure eased and faded away into nothingness. Lightness overtook him, a floaty feeling encompassing his whole body.

When he was finally done, he zipped his pants back up and cringed at how clammy, cold and gross they felt. He was glad he was going straight home after this, he needed to shower and get changed. He scrubbed his hands at the sink, the water as hot as he could stand it. They still felt unclean when he was done, the memory of the small gushes of pee flowing into his palms still fresh in his mind.

When he left the restroom, he blushed more. It was embarrassing to have his Dad see him so desperately full like that…

“Made it?” Dad asked.

Reddening even further, Emmett nodded. “I’m really sorry…”

Dad shook his head. “You were punished for needing to pee— Something you can’t even HELP doing.” He was getting quite worried about his son and daughter at school. If they weren’t allowed to use the toilet when they needed to, and apparently it didn’t matter how blatantly desperate they were, that was going to be problematic.

Emmett had had TWO emergencies today. While the first one had been due to him skipping his morning pee, the second one had taken place just a few hours after he’d last gone. His Dad was accustomed to how often he usually needed to pee before it got urgent, and that was a lot faster than usual.

He knew MUCH better than to actually SAY anything about this to his anxious, hypochondriac son, but he was a little worried that the number of times he’d been denied the toilet at school had done something to his bladder.

They drove home, and Dad asked Emmett what had happened during their phone call, why it had suddenly disconnected. Emmett was forced to admit that his phone had gotten broken. “This guy took it from me and threw it on the ground,” he explained. “It got shattered. I’m sorry.”

Dad frowned. “Who?” He asked. “He, or his parents, can pay for a new one.”

Emmett hesitated. “Don’t go to his parents, he’ll just get mad.”

“…Is someone bullying you?”

“A little,” Emmett said. “He just doesn’t like me. He’s hated me since fifth grade, but when I tell people, it just gets worse, so—“

“This has been happening for YEARS? Why haven’t you said anything?”

“I already TOLD you, whenever I tell anyone, he gets worse!” Emmett said. “I don’t know WHY he hates me, but he does. I’m just waiting to graduate so we don’t have to see each other anymore.”

***

Devon did manage to wait until detention was finally over. He made it to a urinal and relieved himself at last, but the relief was bittersweet. His pants were visibly damp, a tell-tale wet spot prominent over his crotch. He hoped he’d be able to hide it from Dad at home until he was able to get changed. He knew there would be Hell to pay if it got noticed.

