Germaphobia - Page 2

Author: secretomoact

*035*2023-11-13 22:41

Written for the Omovember prompt "Blocked Path To The Bathroom".

***

Emmett could not let go of his crotch if his life depended on it. If he eased his grip even a little, he would lose all ability to hold it in. He was starting to forget what it felt like to not need to pee. He’d been restraining his bladder for so long that his need was the only thing on his mind. His watch was laying on the bed beside him, its screen illuminated by a small LED. It was midnight, hours to go until morning.

Perhaps, when the sun started to rise, he’d be able to leave this cabin and take the long walk to the building that housed the toilets.

Hopefully, he wasn’t even the only person wriggling around frantically, hoping that the night would pass quickly. He doubted he would be…

He was on an overnight camping trip with his class. It was a nice place to do it, he supposed. The cabins were better than tents, he was able to sleep in an actual bed instead of in a sack on the ground. So long as he didn’t think about how long it had been since the sheets were last washed, or who had used them last, he could handle it.

Plus, the restrooms across the clearing had perfectly functional showers. He hadn’t felt totally comfortable with them, he’d been incapable of removing his flip-flops inside the stall to allow his bare feet against the floor, and it felt weird to finish showering and then walk around outside to get back to where his bed was. But, it was WAY better than not being able to wash off at all after a long day outdoors.

He just wished he’d relieved himself while he’d been in that building. He’d meant to, and he’d even TRIED to, but the stalls were REALLY gross, and the urinal was just this big, long trough where he had to stand shoulder to shoulder with the other guys in his class. Emmett didn’t get pee-shy THAT often, but with zero privacy and the others being kind of loud, he couldn’t go at all.

Eventually, he realized he’d been standing there for way too long, and worried someone else had noticed that he hadn’t begun to pee, so he nervously put his member back away, bladder still full.

And, he’d thought that would be fine. He’d go back to the cabin for a while, then try the urinal again once he was sure everyone would be in bed. As soon as the lights were out, Emmett went to the door of the cabin, pulled it open and—

Bears.

An ENORMOUS black bear had come out of the woods and was just laying in the middle of the clearing, alongside three smaller ones. They were separating Emmett’s cabin from the restroom he needed so much.

He was not afraid of walking around outside in the dark.

He was VERY afraid of having to get past a mother bear and her three cubs. He wouldn’t know what to do if the thing woke up. They were wild animals, they wouldn’t behave anything like his dog at home did. If he told one to stay down, it would probably just bite his arm off. And if the mother thought he was somehow a threat to the cubs, he’d be dead within seconds.

So, his choices were as follows: One, he could sit in the cabin and TRY to hold it until either the bears left on their own, or were scared off when more people started to wake up and make noise. Or, two, he could literally go risking his life just so he could empty his bladder.

He chose option one, but his body kept screaming at him to give option two a try anyway. He kept needing to force away the irrational idea. Even if he went past the bears as quietly as possible and all of them stayed asleep, it would be so scary and panic-inducing. Sheer terror and an EXTREMELY full bladder wouldn’t mix well, he’d have an accident, the smell would be enough to get the bears’ attention, and he’d get eaten alive while covered in pee.

He wasn’t going out there unless the bears were gone.

Emmett was sharing a cabin with Dad and Shelby. He wished Nova were there as well. Nova couldn’t win a fight against a bunch of bears, she wouldn’t be able to do anything to get him OUT of his current nightmare, but he thought she’d at least be able to comfort him.

He hadn’t been allowed to stay with Nova, though. Nova was in a different cabin, with other girls. They’d only let him and Shelby stay together because they were siblings. Waking Shelby up for some comfort and support wouldn’t be very helpful, she’d probably just tease him. And Dad shared his Insomnia, so he just didn’t WANT to wake him when he had managed to fall asleep.

He turned onto his other side, facing the wooden wall of the cabin and biting down hard on his lip. He didn’t WANT to think about how long it had been since he’d last urinated, but he did it anyway. He’d avoided the restrooms here up until it was time to shower, and had failed to pee during that trip out there. The last time he’d let out a drop had been that morning, before leaving home.

He’d held it all through the drive to the campground, all through their activities for the day, all through his shower, all through his walk back to his cabin, and now he was STILL holding it, and he felt like he’d blow at any second. He shuddered at the thought that he may not be able to go outside until morning. That would be twenty-four hours without a toilet break. He’d never waited that long before, he didn’t even know if it was possible. Could ANYBODY do that? A whole day without relief.

Ohhh, why hadn’t he just stayed in front of the urinal until his bladder decided to cooperate? Why had he let himself start worrying about his classmates noticing how he was having trouble? Why hadn’t he just used a stall when he realized the urinal was too awkward for him? Hell, why hadn’t he just done it in the shower? He had NEVER pissed in the shower in his life, the idea of it was so gross that it made his skin crawl, but it hadn’t been HIS shower, AND he’d been wearing flip-flops! It wouldn’t have been SO terrible, right?

It certainly wouldn’t have been as awful as what he was dealing with now… He whimpered as he climbed out of his bed again, hands pressed firmly against his opening as he delicately hobbled to the door. ‘Please,’ he thought. ‘Please just go somewhere else, bears…’

He cracked it open.

They were still there. He noticed one of their ears flick slightly and quickly shut the door again. He bent forwards at the knees, tightening his hold on himself as he sucked in a sharp breath. He’d given up all hope of actually going to sleep tonight. If he relaxed any of his muscles, he was gonna pee. His pajama pants would be soaked through in an instant, warm fluid gushing down his legs in long, sticky trails that made him shudder with revulsion at his own body’s uncontainable functions.

“Hold it…” Emmett hissed softly. “Just hold it…” A droplet formed at his urethra, seeping gently into his boxers. He felt the small bit of heat brushing against his tip, teasing his body and making it all the more determined to send the rest spraying out of him. A longer, thicker leak spurted forth, audibly wetting fabric. He grimaced, feeling the sodden patch over his crotch, his hands were touching his pee, but if he moved them away that would be it, his legs and the floor around him would be flooded. “Hold it, hold it… Pleaaaaase hold it…” He gritted his teeth, trying to stay silent. If he woke Dad up, it would take him forever to get back to sleep. If he woke Shelby up, she’d tease him endlessly.

The pressure was starting to drive him a little nuts, because now one of the corners in the cabin was starting to look a LOT like relief. The walls were wood, the floor was bare concrete. It would be… Sort of like going on a tree, right? Just, a tree that had gotten cut down and turned on its side? He’d gushed against trees before, and that wasn’t his PREFERRED place to pee, but it was always okay to do…

But, he knew there would be a huge stain left on the wall, a puddle pooling on the floor, and come morning, the bears would be gone, and his teachers wouldn’t believe him when he tried to explain why he’d had no CHOICE but to empty his bladder right there.

Maybe the bears were already gone…?

Hopeful, he turned around to open the door once more.

Nope. Still there. One of the cubs was sitting up. He swore it was glancing across the clearing to stare at him. His spine tingled. He hoped the cub didn’t think he looked like a good late-night-snack…

The cub got up, walked a few steps away from the others, but luckily it wasn’t coming closer to Emmett. He watched as the bear started to—

He’d… Always thought bears lifted their legs to do that like dogs did, apparently not, they just kinda stood there… ‘Freaking show-off…’ he thought as the bear pissed. He swore, the thing had somehow RECOGNIZED what he needed to do while it had been staring at him. It KNEW Emmett needed a bathroom NOW, it KNEW that it was preventing him from reaching the only one around here, and it was trying to TAUNT him.

Emmett shut the door and reminded himself that an animal wouldn’t be capable of thinking all THAT through. But, he could be wrong. His dog seemed to toy with him like that sometimes too… Raptor was an enormous Great Dane, so when he was brought out on walks, if he wanted to stop for a while, there was little Emmett could do to change his mind. And, sometimes it seemed like Raptor could just TELL when Emmett REALLY had to get back home right away. More than once, Emmett had caught himself mumbling “Come ON, I’m not like you! I can’t just pee on every bush in the neighborhood!”

And, he swore, Raptor would look back and almost smile at him, like he thought it was funny…

Was he imagining things, or had that bear gotten a bit of a glint in its eye before it decided to pee in front of him?

Ugh, yeah, the desperation was driving him nuts.

Or maybe that bear just genuinely hated him for some reason.

He sat down beside the door and started to rock back and forth, hands still wrapped around his dick. It felt like the liquid was rising up all the way to his chest. Every bit of him was bloated, flooded with pee and nowhere to get rid of any of it. He squirmed urgently against the floor, turning from side to side. He needed release so badly that, if he stepped outside and the grossest portable toilet ever known to man had suddenly materialized right in front of the cabin, he’d actually be willing to use it.

That was… Sort of a decent idea. Not the whole ‘wishing for a random bathroom to spontaneously pop into existence’ part, but urinating just right outside the cabin sounded okay. He wouldn’t have to walk past the bears, just take ONE step outside and do it THERE. He started to get up—

The smell… That was right, his pee was going to leave a scent. And, bears probably had stronger noses than humans. It might make them move CLOSER to the cabin, and that would create all new problems.

No, he shouldn’t do it there.

He just had to hold it… Whatever it took, he’d force his bladder to stay shut.

He wondered how much longer it was until morning. It felt like at least three hours had passed since he’d last looked at his watch. He stood up to check it again. Alright, last time he’d looked, it had been midnight. By now it should be three in the morni—

The screen displayed 12:24.

It had been twenty four minutes, and his bladder felt at least a liter fuller.

He was NOT gonna last until morning. Those bears had to leave before he exploded. He bounced his feet against the ground, shifting his hips around and biting back a moan. ‘I can’t hold it,’ he thought. ‘I can’t… It’s been too long. I’m gonna have an accident…’ He glanced at the corner again, if only he could flood it without leaving behind any evidence. If he had something to mop it up with afterwards, his skin prickled at the thought of trying to wipe up a huge puddle of his piss without any gloves on… He shouldn’t—

He was GOING to make a puddle in here, one way or another. The only thing he got to choose was whether or not he moved his pants out of the way first or not. He shakily opened the bag he’d brought with him, hoping to find something that could be used as a mop. His towel was still wet from when he’d showered, so it wouldn’t soak up much, no way was he gonna use any of his clothes to do the job… “Mmmf, come ooon…” he moaned. “I must have something in here!”

“Emmett,” he heard Shelby yawn. “What are you freaking out about now?”

Emmett turned around to face her on the opposite bed. She sat up tiredly, staring at him. He thought it was pretty obvious what he was ‘freaking out about now’. One of his hands was still latched firmly onto his dick, his legs were crossed, and he was sure the damp spot on his pants was shimmering.

“You too scared of the dark to go to the bathroom by yourself?” Shelby guessed. She stood up. “Alright, I’ll take you. Jeez, you should have just woken me up before it got this bad.” She started for the door.

“Wait, no, that’s not— I’m not scared of the dark, I’m scared of the bears!” Emmett told her.

“Bears?” Shelby repeated. “I promise, there aren’t any bears, they’re all gonna stay back in the woods. Don’t worry, they aren’t gonna randomly jump out at you.” She opened the door, stood there for a second, then shut it. “… Well, damn…”

Emmett was actually sort of RELIEVED that the bears were still in their place. He would have looked really silly if Shelby had opened the door to find an empty clearing. “See? It’s a mother bear too. Don’t those kill you if you go near their cubs?”

“Yeah, they DO tend to do that..” Shelby said. “Guess you aren’t gonna get to that bathroom any time soon.”

Emmett crossed his legs even tighter, his other hand retreating from his bag to go back to his crotch. “Mmmf, I know!” He whined. “That’s why I was trying to—“ He bit down on his lip. If he admitted he’d been planning to just go on the floor and then try to mop it up, he’d never hear the end of it.

“You need to go SOMEWHERE, don’t you?” Shelby gathered. “Looks like you’re about to do it right there— If the bears leave, do you think you’ll even make it all the way to the toilet?”

Emmett frowned, glared, and turned away. This was why he hadn’t wanted to wake her. Of course, she was just gonna tease him. She thought it was just SO funny that he was beyond full and had absolutely no way to get himself emptied. She’d probably noticed him avoiding the bathroom all day, knew that he’d let his fear of the germs inside it keep him away, knew that he was only suffering the consequences of his own choices. Of course she was gonna make fun of him.

“Well?”

Emmett shook his head, “No,” he admitted. “I haven’t… I haven’t gone since this morning, if the bears suddenly disappeared, I won’t be able to walk that far in time.” He didn’t even know if he could walk at ALL anymore. The thought of moving his legs apart wasn’t a pleasant one.

Shelby sighed, “Alright then…” She went back to her bed and opened her bag. “I really hope this is big enough…” She took out her reusable water bottle, it was empty, but it was also the only one she’d brought on the trip. If he filled it, she wouldn’t be able to use it again until they went home and it could actually get washed.

“But, you’ll need that for the rest of the tri—“

“Nova has a second one, I’ll just use that,” Shelby said. “Now, hurry up before you make a mess on the floor, alright?”

Emmett blushed and sat down on the bed beside her. He opened the bottle, it was pretty big, he really hoped it was big enough because he knew that once he started peeing, there was no chance he’d be able to stop until every last drop was out of him. He unbuttoned his pajama pants and started to—

Hang on—

“Turn the other way,” Emmett said.

“You… You literally forgot that I was here for a second, didn’t you?”

Emmett groaned. He had… As soon as he’d accepted he had a way to get relief, everything else had just fallen away.

“I’m not gonna watch you piss, just hurry up and go.”

Emmett aimed himself into the bottle, and a slow drizzle released from his tip. He fought not to whine at how little was coming out. He wanted to gush for all he was worth, to feel the mind-breaking relief he’d been craving all day. But, he really HAD held it for way too long, it was going to take time for his body to unlock all the way.

He groaned as his muscles finally went totally slack, and his dribbling erupted into a strong, harsh stream that sprayed violently against the plastic interior of the bottle. He panted, gushing with wild abandon into the container. “Ahh… Ahhh… Ahhhh….” That was better…

“What do you say?” Shelby prompted.

Emmett tried not to glare. He didn’t like being talked to while he was peeing, and she KNEW that perfectly well.

“What do you say?” She repeated.

“Thank you…” he mumbled, nearly finished. Just in time too, the bottle was filling up really fast… Once he was done, he put the cap back onto the bottle and blushed hard at how much he had filled it. “S—Sorry…”

“It’s fine, I’ll just borrow one of Nova’s,” Shelby reminded. “Now go to bed, the bears should gone in the morning.”

*038*2023-11-17 23:58

Written for the Omovember prompt “Sick Omo”.

(There are mentions of vomiting here. No one actually DOES it, but there’s a focus on a character’s phobia of doing so, and a description of what he finds frightening about it. The most graphic part of that is the paragraph that begins “He told himself all of these things, but he was still frightened” and continues until the paragraph that starts with “If he didn’t make it to the toilet in time”. In case anyone wants to skip.

Again, Doctor Willow is Ethan, who appears in my other fic No Time For a Break.)

***

One might think that Emmett’s fanatical adherence to hygiene and cleanliness would cause him to get sick far less often than most people. But, they’d be wrong. It was actually quite the opposite. His immune system rarely encountered threats, so whenever a virus was being passed around, his body was less equipped to ward it off.

Then, there were all the open sores on his hands, caused by his constant washing. Skin was the first line of defense people had against diseases, constantly having dry, cracked flesh that bled at the slightest provocation and never had a chance to heal meant it was easy for an infection to get through. The very things he felt compelled to do to prevent illnesses instead just made him more susceptible to them.

And the thing was, he KNEW this too. He knew that his flayed skin wasn’t good for him, he knew that he needed to let himself be exposed to germs so that his body would learn how to fight them, he knew that his behaviors only put him more at risk. But, he couldn’t stop, the little gremlin that he sometimes imagined living inside of his head wouldn’t ALLOW him to stop. He couldn’t wash his hands less often, or put on less soap, or use water that wasn’t scorching hot so that his hands had a chance to heal. His brain wouldn’t let him, no matter how much he wanted it to.

So, if a virus went around his school, he would usually get it. Not just in spite of his precautionary behaviors, but almost entirely BECAUSE of them.

And, that was why he was laying in bed today, rather than sitting at a desk at school. He had such an abysmal cold. His head felt like it weighed a hundred pounds, and his nose was so clogged that he could barely breathe. It was the migraine and the throat congestion that bothered him the most. The headache was so severe that it was making him dizzy.

The room spun every time he opened his eyes, and if he tried to actually sit up, much less stand, the spinning got so severe that it nauseated him. And, when that was teamed up with the gunky sensations coating his throat, he would then receive a zap of fear because it suddenly felt like he was going to throw up.

He repeatedly tried to take a step back and actually assess it, remind himself that his stomach wasn’t even aching so the odds that he NEEDED to throw up were very slim. He’d tell himself that, even if he DID throw up— Something he hadn’t even actually DONE in several years— it would be over in just a few minutes. He’d try to convince himself that throwing up just ONCE would NOT be as bad as what he’d gone through when he was little, he would not re-live the experience of having appendicitis ever again. It wouldn’t hurt as terribly, he wouldn’t need to go to the hospital, he wouldn’t have a surgery.

He told himself all of these things, but he was still frightened. Throwing up remained one of the worst things in the world to him. The harsh, spasmodic lurching in his abdominal muscles, the burn that went up his throat, the metallic taste, the feeling of losing control, and having to see the revolting mess come out of him. The smell would stick around for a while too, and the taste in his throat. And the worst part was how he sometimes kept feeling like bits of it were still in his mouth.

Plus, Shelby was at school and Dad was at work, so if he didn’t make it to the toilet in time, he’d have to try clean it up. He’d have to touch the putrid substance that had forced its way through his mouth. Through a paper towel, sure, but still…He’d be able to feel the texture, he’d be able to smell it, he’d be forced to look at it.

If he didn’t make it to the toilet in time, he wouldn’t JUST throw up and be done with it, the experience would be dragged out even longer and made even more horrible on him.

‘Not making it to the toilet on time’ was a bit of a concern for Emmett at the moment. He was supposed to be sleeping to help rid himself of his cold, but he couldn’t do it. It was difficult to drift off when he couldn’t breathe through his nose. And, it was even MORE difficult to drift off when he’d followed Dad’s instructions to ‘keep himself hydrated’ a little too well. His bladder was absolutely bursting, beginning to ache almost as much as his head was.

This should have been a silver-lining to his illness; Since he didn’t have to go to school, no one could deny him permission to satiate his extremely aggressive need to pee. There was a toilet right across the hall from his room, all he had to do was get up, walk there, lower his pajama bottoms, and relax. It should have been easy.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t accomplish the first step.

Any time he tried to leave the bed, the twisting and twirling and the manic pounding in his head made him absolutely CERTAIN that he was going to vomit— He was going to throw up, and it was going to hurt, and it was going to get everywhere! Panic would ignite and he’d lay face down on his bed, shutting his eyes tightly until the sensation of being spun around went away. He’d feel relieved as the stability returned to him and the fear that his stomach was about to reject its contents faded.

But, that relief would only last a couple seconds, before his bladder would begin to throb and tangle up on itself, furious that he STILL hadn’t emptied it. He knew he had to do it, he had to make himself stand and walk, ignore the dizziness and the panic that it caused. He NEEDED to, otherwise he was going to be laying in a puddle before long.

Emmett turned on his side, clutching his crotch firmly. He hadn’t let go of his dick for at least half an hour, hadn’t even eased the hold he had upon it. His bladder was demanding release so ferociously, liquids lapping against his crumbling dam, his hands were the only thing keeping it from breaking down entirely.

He scissored his legs for a few seconds, crossing them back and forth beneath his sheets. He was trying to come up with some way to relieve himself that wouldn’t require him to leave the bed, but also wouldn’t involve him soaking it.

He could pee out the window again. He’d done it before. He thought he could handle crouching upright on the mattress for a couple minutes as he went. That would be better than standing up and walking. Except, the only OTHER time he’d had to urinate out the window, it had been really late at night. It was dark, no one was outside. Doing it in broad daylight, when someone passing by on the sidewalk could see him, would be too embarrassing.

What if one of the neighbors saw? What if they told his Dad? Dad wouldn’t understand why relieving himself through his bedroom window had been necessary! Dad would give him that look— The look Dad always tried NOT to give him, but did anyway. The look that said he just couldn’t figure out what was going on inside Emmett’s head.

The window wouldn’t work.

The water bottles he’d foolishly drained were still resting on his nightstand. They were huge— and he shuddered with the knowledge that he’d emptied THREE of them, all of that water now flowing through his body, down into a container that had no space left inside of it. But, he could re-fill them now, unscrew the cap, tuck himself in and let his body do what it was begging to do. He’d relieved himself in bottles during emergencies before.

But, he KNEW he’d want to go empty it out immediately, and get it thoroughly sterilized. Leaving a bottle filled with piss on his nightstand for hours, letting it fester and gather bacteria, letting it start to smell… Just… Just having to LOOK at it and know that something so disgusting was in his room, right next to where he was trying to sleep…

And then, when Shelby got home, she’d check on him like Dad said she was supposed to. She’d see the bottle, obviously flooded with pee, and she’d make fun of him. She’d laugh at the fact that he hadn’t been able to make it across the hall to empty himself into the PROPER receptacle. Then, if he tried to explain why he’d NEEDED to use the bottle, she too would give him that look. That ‘I will never understand half the things that go on in your brain’ look.

The bottles wouldn’t work, either.

He glanced at the clock, seeing it was almost noon. He was supposed to be asleep, he was never going to get better if he didn’t rest. No way could he sleep through this level of desperation, though. His bladder was so full that it HURT. His loose fitting pajama bottoms were still managing to dig into him in a way that made his eyes water. His lower abdomen was so firm. When he foolishly touched a finger against it, he couldn’t feel any softness there. His bladder was hard as steel, distended, its walls pulled to the very brink.

He tried, once more, to stand. He managed to get to his feet, his bladder dropping like a stone down to his knees. A squirt of urine warmly trickled into his boxers, and his hands squeezed harder, mashing against his opening with all their might, trying to pin it shut. His desperation seemed to make the dizziness a lot worse, the world around him was spinning like he was on a theme park ride, and his aching bladder, so close to his stomach, the resulting nausea was— He thought he felt something in his throat— He was gonna—

He collapsed back into his bed, accidentally rocking his bladder and sending shockwaves of needy throbs through it. He leaked again, a few painful drips that stung on their way out. He had to go, he had to go, he had to goooo! He wriggled as he laid in his bed, crossing his legs frantically, tying himself in all sorts of knots, and BEGGING his unreasonable brain to stop flooding him with panic for no real reason.

He was NOT going to throw up. All of his symptoms were located outside of his stomach and digestive tract. He just had a migraine. He felt dizzy because he had a stupid migraine, and because he had to pee so bad. His throat felt funny because of phlegm, not because he was about to throw up. He wasn’t going to, so he should stop letting himself get so anxious and go take a pee like he was dying to!

But, he couldn’t talk himself out of the spiral now that it had begun. The stupid brain-gremlin insisted that he WOULD throw up if he got out of bed. He’d vomit EVERYWHERE and make an enormous, revolting mess. And, he’d disgust himself so much trying to clean it up that he would throw up again and again and again, and it would never get clean, ever. The mental image of that happening appeared absolutely preposterous to him, yet simultaneously it was somehow the most real, most likely thing in the entire universe.

He had to hold it…

But, he COULDN’T hold it. He needed the toilet so bad that he felt seconds away from crying. He was going to cry because it hurt, and because he knew he was being stupid, and because he couldn’t control his brain which was DUMB because it belonged to him, so he should have been able to choose what he thought about and make the ridiculous thoughts go away! He knew they were ridiculous! Why did a part of him have to believe them so strongly?!

Emmett figured a part of his problem was that he was alone. These moments, where he felt caged by his brain, were always worse when he was by himself. He had no one to talk to but his own cruel thoughts, and so they got louder and louder. Sometimes, he could soothe himself by bringing up a worry to someone else and saying “But, that won’t happen, will it?” And when the other person confirmed to him that the thing he was afraid of was unlikely to transpire, he’d feel better. Even when he knew that his worry was silly, being reassured by someone else just made it so much easier to get rid of.

But, he was alone now, no one to talk him down and make him feel more relaxed.

His therapist, Doctor Willow, had said that he could call him sometimes if he was having a really, really bad day. Doctor Willow promised he’d get back to him as soon as possible to help him through it. Emmett thought about trying that. It would be embarrassing to leave a message that said ‘I’m about to wet myself because I’m scared I’ll throw up if I walk to the bathroom’, but Doctor Willow was a therapist. He wouldn’t tell anybody else about this. It would stay a secret.

But, as his bladder pinched more insistently at him and his urethra flared and bubbled with more leaky dribbles, Emmett wasn’t sure if Doctor Willow would call him back in time. It might end up being too late, and Emmett would already be dripping wet. He picked up his phone anyway, accepting that this was the best solution available to him.

He was punching in Doctor Willow’s number when the phone rang. He jumped, a startled jet of liquid gushing from between his legs. He squeezed himself so hard that his dick hurt, and the shock of the awful moment made his voice come out sharp. “Hello?!”

“A—Are you feeling any better?” Nova asked.

Nova… Yes, someone to talk to.

“No,” Emmett said, trying to force away some embarrassment. It was no longer a struggle to tell Nova when he really, really needed to use the bathroom. While he didn’t ‘get it’, the fact that she LIKED watching him go had made that a lot easier. He WAS a little ashamed to explain why he was bursting today, though. “I— Er… I have to pee. Bad.”

“Oh,” Nova said. He could hear the blush in her voice. “Uh, guess you just woke up? I’ll call back in a minu—“

“Wait, no!” Emmett cringed at the pained whimper in his voice, the blatant pleading. He reminded himself that Nova had likely found it cute. “Don’t hang up, don’t hang up!”

“Okay,” Nova said. “I mean, if it’s an emergency, I don’t want to make you—“

“I can’t—“ Emmett crossed his ankles, rubbing them urgently together. The friction was enough to make them burn slightly. “I— I can’t get out of bed.”

“You need help?” Nova guessed. “Ahhh, I don’t know what to do… Your Dad should have taken the day off from—“

“That’s— I can— I can GET up, but— But I get all dizzy, and nauseas, and it makes me think I’m gonna— I panic, and I—“

“Oh,” Nova interrupted. “It’s… It’s okay, Emmett,” she tried to soothe. “You won’t throw up— I bet your stomach doesn’t even feel upset, does it?”

“No,” Emmett said. “I kn-know it’s silly, but I— I needed to hear someone else say it.”

“That’s alright,” Nova promised. “If you want, I can talk to you while you walk there, will that help you stay calm?”

“I think so,” Emmett said.

“Good, now hurry,” Nova encouraged.

Emmett was blushing all the way down his neck. Even though she hadn’t teased him, or asked him why he had to be this way— Not that he’d ever thought she would— this was still embarrassing. When he stood up and a grunt of desperation flew uncontrollably from his lips, his face heated up more. “Nnnh— Mmf—“

“It’s okay,” Nova said again. Her voice sounded noticeably different now. It was higher pitched, more breathy. Emmett could guess that his needy whimpers were responsible. As if to confirm his suspicions, Nova kept talking. Her tone fluttering, she asked “H—How long have you been holding it?” Then, which a sharp inhale, she cried “I—I mean— I mean—“

“It’s okay,” Emmett said, hesitantly walking forwards. He felt like he was being twirled upside down over and over. When he looked down, the floor seemed further away than usual. His insides were twisting, he was going to— “Haah—“ His ears started to ring, his hearing dulling. Panic rose in his chest, and he was scared something else was rising along with it.

Nova… Talk to Nova… Talk about ANYTHING with Nova.

“I— I’ve been— Been holding it all day,” Emmett said, and the hand clamped around his aching cock tightened, his opening pinned closed between his fingers. “And— Ahhhh— I drank three big bottles of water… Nnnh… E—Each one was, like, a liter— I— I have to go so bad…”

“I—I’m s—sorry,” Nova said, voice hitching. Emmett pictured how pink her cheeks must have been, the wide look in her eyes. “Y—You’re bursting, aren’t you?”

“Yeah,” Emmett said, forcing open the door to his room. He was so close now… The toilet was closer to him than his bed, he was going to make it… “I— C—Can barely believe I’m still holding o—on…”

“K—Keep walking,” Nova said. “You can do it!” He knew what she was thinking about now, it was the same thing he was fantasizing about; The torrential release that was now so close…

He stumbled the last few steps into the restroom, pulling down his pajama bottoms as he hurried up to the toilet. A clear droplet was hanging off his opening, his bladder aching. Ohhh, he’d made it, he was just about to relax his tension, when the hand around his cock squeezed harshly on his shaft, stopping himself.

Nova had helped him a lot… If she hadn’t called and kept him distracted while he was moving around, he would have just burst in his bed. He needed to thank her, and there was… One way he could do that.

“Er…” Feeling his ears go red at what he was about to do, Emmett said “Are you anywhere that a lot of people can see you?”

“No, I’m having lunch in the library. I’m the only one here right now.”

“Then… Then listen to this,” Emmett said. He set the phone on the counter and switched on the speaker-mode. The droplet that had collected on his tip splashed into the bowl, and was followed abruptly by a strong stream that yanked a loud moan from his lips. “Ahhhhh…” He shivered with relief, and sighed again, even louder. He wasn’t sure if he was panting so much because of how good he felt, or just because he knew it was what Nova wanted to hear. Probably the former, his distended bladder compressing itself back down felt absolutely Heavenly. It was enough to make all of his other discomforts fade for a moment. Even his horrific migraine seemed to vanish as he lost himself in a world of bliss.

Nova made a noise that could best be described as a squeal the second Emmett’s stream first struck the water. A delighted, surprised yelp that was followed by a whispered “Wow… Y—You DID have to go…” when he started to moan.

“Yeah…” Emmett agreed breathlessly. “T—Told you…” It made him feel funny inside that she was enjoying this so much. A good kind of funny, though. As he pictured her getting all hot and bothered just listening to him handle his very urgent need, some of the heat in his body started to move lower.

His stream died off about a minute later, a few final squirts spilling out and prompting another shudder to move up his spine. Once his bladder’s contents had all been spent, he pulled his pants up the rest of the way and heaved another sigh. “Phew…”

“A—All done?” Nova squeaked. “You… Uh… You needed that, huh?”

“Yeah,” Emmett said. “That’s much better. Thank you.”

“Thank YOU,” Nova said. “Uh— I— I mean— I’m… I’m weird, sorry…”

“You’re not weird,” Emmett promised. “I’m kinda glad you like seeing me go, it made it easier to ask for help.”

“I know… I just… I know you’re not into this,” Nova said. “So, I’m always a little worried that it’s… You know… Gonna bother you.”

“I wouldn’t have let you listen if it bothered me,” Emmett said. “I promise, I’m okay with it.”

“Heh, I guess that’s true,” Nova said. “If… Uh… If you need someone to help you with the dizzy-thing again later…”

“You’ll be the first person I call,” Emmett said. He stayed on the phone with her as he headed back to bed. Once he was laying down, now actually feeling tired since his bladder wasn’t actively exploding, he yawned, “Thank you again. I’m gonna try to sleep again now.”

“Okay, sweet dreams.”

*039*2023-11-26 23:57

Written for the Omovember prompt "Gender Related Omo".

***

When he first found out the school had accidentally mixed him and Shelby up for the college tour field trip, Emmett hadn’t thought much of it. He didn’t even notice right away. He went to the lists posted on the door to the homeroom class, found his name and boarded the bus it told him to take. Others started to file onto the bus, and he was happy that Nova was in the same group as him.

A while later, after they’d already been driving for a bit, it struck him that he was the only guy in his group. Everyone else on this bus was a girl. That was weirdly unbalanced, he was fairly sure that the gender ratio at his school was pretty even… He still didn’t think anything was wrong, though.

But, then they arrived at the campus they were going to tour, and Emmett saw on the sign that this was a women’s university— Meaning this was a school he couldn’t actually attend, and so it was REALLY odd he’d be taken on a tour of it. He didn’t dwell on that for TOO long, however. He had something a little more… pressing to deal with. The ride here had been awfully long, and he and Nova had been seated towards the back of the bus, which was the bounciest part. His bladder felt a little overdue for some relief, and he was eager to get out so that he could attend to it.

When he got off the bus, he finally learned of the error that had taken place. Ms. Hancroft, the teacher chaperoning the trip looked at him oddly for a second, then asked what he was doing there.

Emmett didn’t quite know how to respond to that. Her tone suggested that he’d done something wrong, but he’d only been following the instructions he’d been given. “I… I thought I was supposed to be here?”

“You were supposed to be on the bus with the boys,” Ms. Hancroft said. “Didn’t you notice there were only girls on there with you? We put lists on the door to homeroom, you should have read them.”

Emmett had no idea why he was apparently in trouble now. He HAD read the list, that’s WHY he was here. “Th—The list said for me to take that bus.”

Ms. Hancroft sighed with irritation, and flipped through the papers tacked to her clipboard. “See, your name is—“ She paused, and her lips pursed together in a tight frown. She flipped to the next page, then back to the previous one. Back and forth, over and over. “Okay, looks like I mixed you up with your sister, so SHE’S probably over at the men’s university now… You really should have asked before we left if you were on the right bus. I didn’t even see you until now.”

Emmett said nothing. That sounded more like it was her fault for not checking, how was he supposed to know the lists were wrong? His bladder nudged at him, urine swishing against its sensitive walls. It didn’t matter that he’d ended up on the wrong tour. There was only ONE room he was interested in seeing right now. He didn’t bother telling Ms. Hancroft that he needed to relieve himself, she was already annoyed with him for reasons that went beyond his comprehension. Besides, after such a long bus ride, it only made sense that they’d ALL have a bathroom break pretty soon.

More students filed off the bus, and Nova caught up to him. She could tell that his bladder was uncomfortably full just by looking at him. He hadn’t started to squirm yet, but he had that wide-eyed look on his face, and his hands kept rubbing against his outer thighs— Something he only did when he needed the toilet. She stared at him for a second as he fidgeted ever so subtly. He was so cute that way… She felt awful about it, but she sort of wished the ride had taken longer— Not SO long that he ended up in pain and risked having an accident, but just long enough that she’d get to see him dance around a little.

Nova was sure they’d be stopping at a restroom right away, and Emmett would relieve himself and it would be all over. But, at least she could enjoy how twitchy he was for a few more minutes.

Emmett was definitely pretty twitchy. He could feel his bladder slowly expanding inside him. The knowledge that relief was coming very soon always made him need to go so much worse, it was so annoying! He clasped his hands behind his back and rocked on his heels very slightly.

“You okay?” Nova asked, though she knew precisely what the problem was.

Emmett blushed, looking down at himself. “Well, Ms. Hancroft’s mad at me,” he said. “I’m not supposed to be on this trip, but they mixed Shelby and I up, and she’s acting like that’s my fault. And, I also…” he lowered his voice more. “I also need to pee soon…”

Nova HAD wondered why Emmett was the only guy here, that explained it. It didn’t make much sense that Ms. Hancroft was upset with him over it, but Ms. Hancroft had never been very reasonable. Nova was fairly certain she’d only become a teacher because she had some deep, all-consuming desire to torture teenagers. “I’m sure we’ll all get to use the bathroom before the tour starts.”

“I hope so…” Emmett said. He also hoped the restrooms here were clean. Thinking logically, they probably WERE. The men’s rooms wouldn’t see much traffic at an all-female university, and he doubted male college professors made a habit of trashing public toilets.

When Ms. Hancroft led them into the main building and told them they could all use the bathroom while she spoke to their tour guide, Emmett’s assumptions were proved only half-right. The men’s room wasn’t filthy, but that was only because it didn’t EXIST to begin with. The only restroom door he saw in the entry hall had a sign affixed to it barring his entry. He looked across the hall, searching for a similar door that he could use, but there wasn’t one. He paced about for a second, thinking that it HAD to be around here somewhere, but a second restroom refused to suddenly materialize.

He returned to the first restroom, the one he knew he wasn’t allowed to go in. He tried not to worry. There were probably just fewer men’s rooms here. That made sense. The only people using them would be male professors or custodians, whom were greatly outnumbered by the students. There WAS a toilet for him somewhere, just not here.

His bladder throbbed, the nervous tingle in his center becoming a more constant buzz of need. He needed to go really, really soon, or things would get very uncomfortable. His bladder protested, IT insisted that the sign on the door didn’t actually matter all that much, and tried to remind him of the few occasions Shelby had used men’s bathrooms because the line for the women’s was too long. If he had to pee, and this was the only place he could do it, then the rules could be… Not broken, but bent a little, right?

Still, he knew he’d feel kind of awkward. In spite of the circumstance, he’d FEEL like he was doing something really bad and forbidden… He’d use it once everyone else was done. It COULDN’T matter then, right? If he was the only person in there, then it would be fine.

All of his classmates had lined up already, and he debated joining them at the end. He didn’t want anyone to tease him when they noticed him waiting for the ladies’ room. He waited off to the side instead, hitching his hips and trying not to pay attention to the sounds of toilets being flushed. Each one added another few drops of pee to his bladder, and he reminded himself that he’d be able to get rid of it all in a few minutes. He hoped everyone ahead of him hurried…

Nova was beside him a moment later, having finished in the bathroom. “Feel better?” She asked him.

He shook his head. “Gotta wait for everyone else…” he mumbled.

“Huh? Why do y—“ Nova paused. She glanced up and down the hall just as Emmett had a few minutes ago. “There’s only a girl’s bathroom here?”

Emmett nodded, tapping his foot sharply. “Y—Yeah, so I’ll just use it once they’re all done. That’s… Um… That’s allowed, right?”

Nova shrugged. Emmett got a little too focused on following rules sometimes… Even ones that were silly. Even ones that he made up by himself… “Well, if there’s nowhere else you can pee, then yeah.”

Emmett’s toes turned in towards each other, “Ah—“ He flinched, blushing. “Eheh, um… Can you not say ‘pee’ right now?”

“I’m sorry. Is it getting bad?” Nova hoped she didn’t sound too interested. She just… WAS, though. Even now, in this situation, where Emmett didn’t have much control and was getting really uncomfortable, him wriggling around and getting so flustered at hearing the word ‘pee’ was adorable!

“K—Kind of,” Emmett admitted. He let his ankles tangle together. “I— I think if I just cross my legs a bit… Y—Yeah, that’s helping.”

He kept waiting, trying to stay patient. Unfortunately, he’d been so CERTAIN that he’d be able to pee the minute he entered this building that it was hard for his bladder to adjust to the new reality. His holding muscles had already gone loose with anticipation, he was struggling to tighten them up again. He wished his body would stop getting ahead of him like that!

Ms. Hancroft had returned, and she looked at the steadily dwindling line with some scrutiny. “Don’t take too long,” she firmly told the girls still waiting. She sounded more bothered by the wait than Emmett did, and HE was the one that needed to pee!

After the last few girls had finally finished with the restroom, Ms. Hancroft started to lead the class further down the hall, and Emmett headed for the door. He’d just grabbed the handle, bladder once again starting to unravel all on its own, when Ms. Hancroft clapped her hands together.

He froze, startled. His confused bladder very nearly let go of a drip, and he just barely managed to swoop a hand down in time to plug it off. He knew everyone was looking at him now, and he didn’t dare turn around. This was so embarrassing… Now everybody knew he needed to pee, and everybody knew he was going to use the girls’ restroom!

“Emmett, what are you doing?!” Ms. Hancroft demanded.

Shakily, Emmett turned around and managed to admit “I— I have to use the bathroom…” He said it very, very quietly. The humiliation stung…

“What?” Ms. Hancroft asked sharply. “You need to speak up, people can’t hear you when you mumble.”

“I said that I need to… I need to use the bathroom,” Emmett repeated, louder now. His face was boiling, blushing so much his ears were scorched red. Ms. Hancroft sounded so frustrated with him. He knew he was breaking a rule, but he couldn’t help it! Anxiety fizzed within him, igniting a fire overtop his aching bladder.

“You really can’t pay attention today, can you?” Ms. Hancroft said. “First you get on the wrong bus, now you don’t know which bathroom to use. Read the sign. It says ‘ladies’. You aren’t a lady.”

Emmett didn’t bother repeating that he’d only been following the instructions the list gave him, instead he simply pointed out; “I— I— I know this is the girls’ one, but I can’t find a men’s room, and I have to—“

“There aren’t any men’s rooms,” Ms. Hancroft said. “This is a women’s college.”

Emmett nibbled his lip. He’d been afraid of that… So, were all the employees women too? There were literally NO men’s toilets here?! All of the bathrooms were off-limits for him? “W—Well, um… Then I need to use this one.” It really WAS his only option. He told himself that it was okay to break a rule when he just didn’t have a choice. It would be okay…

“No,” Ms. Hancroft said. “It’s inappropriate, and you’re already on thin-ice, so I’d drop this now if I were you.”

Emmett looked longingly at the door to the restroom. What was he supposed to do?! He wasn’t allowed to use any of the toilets here, and his bladder was starting to spasm startlingly. He shifted between his feet and widened his eyes. He wanted to make it clear to Ms. Hancroft that he NEEDED to go…

“Nobody’s even IN there,” Nova pointed out. “Is it THAT big a deal if he’s the only one even using it?”

“It’s inappropriate,” Ms. Hancroft repeated. “He should have thought about this before sneaking onto this trip.”

“I didn’t—“

“That’s enough,” Ms. Hancroft said. “You’re really lucky that I’m not writing you up for being here, stop pushing it. There isn’t a bathroom here for you. You are going to wait until we’re back at school and then, once I tell you you can, THEN you can go.”

What?! He’d have to hold it through this several hour long tour. Then for another couple hours on a bouncing, jolting bus. THEN, when he finally got back to somewhere with a urinal, she was likely to make him BEG for permission. He couldn’t last that long. His bladder wasn’t bottomless. He’d already come close to leaking once. “But, I—“

“Enough,” Ms. Hancroft repeated, and then she turned and continued to lead them all down the hallway. They met up with a tour guide— One of the professors at the college. Emmett had let himself hope for a second that the guide would be a man, and that he’d say “Actually, there IS a men’s room over here…” But, he wasn’t so lucky. It looked like his earlier fear was correct, the professors and other staff members here were all women. He didn’t have anywhere that he was allowed to pee.

He kept whispering to Nova as they walked. It was embarrassing, but his bladder wouldn’t let him stay quiet, and Nova was usually able to help him feel better when something was wrong. Something was very wrong now, he wanted her to come up with a solution. “I won’t make it back to school,” he admitted. “Maybe I can hold it through the tour, but not the ride back.”

Nova didn’t know how to respond. She didn’t think Emmett could hold it that long, either. If he managed to get to the end of the tour dry, riding the bus would shake every last drop out of him for sure. She’d been scanning every door they’d passed. She didn’t expect to see a men’s room, but was hoping that maybe there would be a separate restroom set aside for disabled students, those were always gender-neutral.

Ms. Hancroft couldn’t say it was ‘inappropriate’ for him to use one like that, right? Unless she argued that since he wasn’t in a wheelchair he wasn’t allowed to use it… But, the restroom Nova had used earlier HAD contained an accessible stall, and it appeared there weren’t any additional bathrooms serving the same purpose.

They WERE passing quite a few more women’s rooms, and Nova saw Emmett glance longingly at every one of them. She noticed him linger a few times, allowing everyone else to walk far ahead of him. She knew he was debating trying to sneakily pee without Ms. Hancroft catching him, but fear held him back every time.

They toured several empty lecture halls, all of them appearing identical to Emmett. He was wriggling much more obviously, legs crossing and uncrossing, occasionally bending forwards and running his nails over the tops of his legs. When their tour guide led them to the university’s pool, Emmett was struck by such a horrific, all-consuming spasm that he doubled over and pressed the flat of his palm over his groin.

For a shameful second, Emmett considered moving a little too close to the pool’s edge and ‘accidentally’ falling into it so that he could… Do something that would utterly REVOLT him, but would also leave him blissfully relieved.

With that, he realized he needed to urinate so badly that it was driving him insane, so he forced himself to raise his hand, hoping that the tour guide would call on him instead of Ms. Hancroft.

The tour guide stopped mid-sentence. “Yes?” She asked.

“I—I’m sorry, is th—there a men’s room anywhere?” Emmett asked, he hoped he didn’t sound like he was begging, but his voice was pitiful even to his own ears.

The guide shook her head, “No… There are some single-stall toilets in the staff rooms though. You need a key to get in, do you need someone to take you?”

Yes, yes! There WAS somewhere he could pee! “Y—Yes, pl—“

Ms. Hancroft interrupted him, “Don’t trouble yourself,” she told the guide. “He always asks to use the restroom when he’s bored. If he still says he needs to go when we’re about to leave, then we can worry about the key.”

Emmett didn’t understand. It was like she DESPISED him and wanted him to wet his pants for some sadistic reason! Was this really all because he’d made her notice a mistake SHE’D made on the lists?! Was she THAT petty?! “B—But, I—“

The tour guide frowned, “If he’s having an emergency, I can just give him directions back to the—“

“He’s not,” Ms. Hancroft said. “We go through this every day, he just likes to wander around by himself.”

“He doesn’t!” Nova said, trying to defend him. “Come on, just let him go…”

“If he still says he has to go later,” Ms. Hancroft said. “THEN we can talk about the key.”

Emmett tightened his hold on himself. “I have to g—“

“You don’t,” Ms. Hancroft stated. “And let go of yourself, you aren’t fooling me.”

It was useless. This was hopeless.

Emmett looked back at the pool, debating if he really SHOULD just fake a fall and let his poor bladder finally release. It would be so gross, and he’d have to sit in his wet clothes for the rest of the day. But, he had a feeling he was going to end up in soaked pants anyway, and being covered in a mixture of chlorinated water and his own urine sounded slightly less nauseating than being covered JUST in his own urine.

It would be less embarrassing, too.

But, Ms. Hancroft would probably KNOW that he hadn’t genuinely slipped, she’d KNOW what he’d really been doing. He’d be punished for sure, and likely humiliated.

He’d hold it, and hope that she actually WOULD get him the key at the end of the tour.

They walked on. Since the tour guide had acted sympathetic to him, Emmett tried to walk closer to her. He wanted her to notice how genuinely desperate he was, and to OVERRULE Ms. Hancroft, say “Your student is obviously very uncomfortable, you NEED to let him go to the bathroom now.”

But, he couldn’t move fast enough to get to the front of the group, he could only manage pained, sluggish steps that STILL made him feel like urine was being pumped down his abused pipes… When they walked from one building to the next, the trees they passed looked so absurdly tempting that he needed to squeeze his eyes closed to ignore them. He didn’t like peeing outside one bit— It felt so dirty!— but those trees seemed to be BEGGING him to water them…

They just walked and walked, through an endless array of hallways, most of them containing restroom doors that he wasn’t allowed to pass through. Eventually, he was clutching Nova’s arm because he needed to clutch SOMETHING and he didn’t want to get yelled at for grabbing his dick again.

Finally, they took a break for lunch. Their guide led them to the dining hall and told them they could order whatever they wanted to eat. Emmett didn’t bother and went straight to a table. He had to pee way too badly to put anything else into his body. Every bit of him felt full and overflowing. He hated Ms. Hancroft. She KNEW that he wasn’t lying about how bad he had to go, she just… She wanted to torment him, she wanted to make him suffer, it seemed she even wanted to make him have an accident. All because SHE was embarrassed over a freaking TYPO.

She was behaving more like a teenager than the actual teenagers! He’d noticed sympathetic looks from basically EVERY girl on this tour with him. Nova had been asking him frequently if he was okay, trying to stand up for him, and she hadn’t complained over how tightly he’d been grabbing onto her. His classmates felt BAD for him, they didn’t like that he was being subjected to something that was beginning to feel a lot like actual TORTURE.

Emmett clasped his hands over his lap, feet tapping the floor frantically. His eyes were blown wide open, panicked sweat pouring down his face. His heart thundered painfully in his rib-cage, chills rolling through his spine.

His urethral sphincters were on fire, and it felt like they were trying to hold up a cinder-block, he could feel them breaking. He could feel pee slowly leaking into his pants. He could feel that he was close to an accident— Incredibly close— Closer than he’d been in a long, long time.

He didn’t even know how he’d manage to stand back up without unleashing a flood. Unless a nice, big container suddenly presented itself, and he was able to bring himself to urinate right here in the dining hall, he was going to pee his pants. His crotch already felt so warm and sodden, but none of the leakage had brought him the least bit of relief.

This was his own fault. He should have disobeyed. When he was told that he was not allowed to use the women’s room, even in these extenuating circumstances, he should have ignored it and gone anyway. He would be in trouble, but at least he’d be empty, at least he wouldn’t be fighting a losing battle and moments away from drenching himself.

He considered doing that now, when he turned his head slightly he could see the door for a women’s room. It would only take him thirty steps to reach it, to push it open and claim a stall in which to release what was sure to be a geyser of liquid bliss. His bladder was just beyond overflowing, he didn’t think he could make it that far. He’d be soaked before he even got half-way to the door.

Against his will, he started to shake, his sweat growing colder and colder until it felt frigid on his skin. The uncontrollable trembling made him leak further still, the walls of his bladder being squished and compressed, pee squeezing down his pipes and his clenching doing nothing to pin it in place.

He stared back at the restroom door. It now appeared to him that it was miles and miles away. He’d never make it, and Ms. Hancroft would probably see him TRYING to get there, she’d yell at him again, she’d make everyone LOOK at him again, and then he’d have his accident with all eyes on him, staring. Every girl in his grade (save for his sister) would see him pee his pants. All the older college girls having lunch here would see him pee his pants…

And then, THEN he’d have to take the bus back to school, still covered in his urine. The smell would cling to him, his pants would be sticky and disgusting. He would be disgusting. Coated in his own bodily fluids, because he’d failed to keep them inside his bladder where they belonged. All of his muscles grew even more taut at the image— One which he saw no way to prevent at this point.

He was supposed to hold it in until he got back to his school, he’d been told repeatedly that that was the only way he’d be permitted to empty out. But, he was completely full, there was no room inside him for all this pee, the tour still wasn’t over, the ride back to school was so long, he’d have to walk to a urinal when they finally arrived. He was spilling so much into his pants already, and he couldn’t even MOVE in order to disobey the command he’d tried like Hell to follow today.

Nova sat down beside him with some sandwiches. She’d gotten one for him, but he didn’t think he could eat it. “How are you doi—“

“I— I can’t— I can’t hold it…” Emmett managed. Tears magnified his eyes, and he struggled not to let them fall down his cheeks. “I need to go— It HURTS.”

“I’m gonna go tell Ms. Hancroft to let you use the bathroom again,” Nova decided. “This is ridiculous.”

“It won’t help,” Emmett said. “She wants me to… To have an accident, and I don’t even think I can stand back up.”

“I’m sorry…” Nova said, because she didn’t know what else she COULD say. She ate her lunch, and realized Emmett wasn’t going to do the same. He probably wasn’t able to. The urine must have been flooding up into his stomach…

Emmett remained locked in his personal Hell for several more awful minutes until he saw someone stand up from one of the other tables. His bladder doing cartwheels in his gut, he noticed it was a professor— A MAN professor. There WERE guys working here after all.

The professor would have the key to the restroom Emmett was allowed to use, and— And since the man couldn’t use the majority of the toilets here, he’d probably feel some EMPATHY for him and help him right away!

Emmett forced himself to his feet, ignoring the ripples of painful urgency this prompted.

“S—Sir!” Emmett called at the man’s retreating back. “Sir? Sir— Please!” Wet heat formed a trail down one of his legs, he was constantly peeing now. The leaks weren’t coming in short, repeated bursts anymore, he was constantly letting go of droplets. Not the immense spraying jet he’d been fighting against, just a slow dismal trickle, one which he thought would turn INTO a waterfall if he even just BREATHED wrong for half a second. Every step made his hand grow wetter. “H—Hang on—!”

The professor looked at him, and Emmett was so out of his mind with the need to just— Just let it out somewhere, anywhere!— that he didn’t care at all that he was being stared at. “I— I— I have to use the restroom, so bad. An’— And my teacher w—won’t let me use the women’s room, b—but I can’t find any—“

The professor turned, and for a horrified moment Emmett thought that he wasn’t even going to TRY to help him. But then, he said “Follow me,” and Emmett began to think there was a chance he might actually— Well, he wouldn’t make it, he’d already peed his pants so much, but if he could get rid of the rest properly, that would at least count for something. “I’ll take you to a break-room…”

The professor led him out of the dining hall, then down a hallway. Emmett looked at every door they passed. If he saw another women’s room, he promised himself that he’d bolt right inside. His poor bladder was still releasing a constant thread of urine down his legs. It was coming out so slowly and weakly that he didn’t feel the overfull organ shrinking at all, the only thing he was aware of was the disgusting warmth dripping slickly over his skin.

Just as they were about to turn into another hall, Emmett saw a restroom door, and his bladder didn’t give one single, solitary damn that the stick figure affixed to it was pink instead of blue. It didn’t care if Emmett himself would be made to feel awkward, if there was a chance he’d be punished, if someone teased him about it forever… It only cared that there were toilets, and it couldn’t manage one more minute without one.

His entire abdomen cramped up hard, and a furious squirt of pee hissed loudly through the material of his pants. He clamped and clutched and managed to force it back down to a dribbling trickle, but he couldn’t do this anymore. “I can’t wait—“ He choked out, barely aware that he was speaking. “Please, please just let m—“

“Okay— Okay, yeah, hurry,” the professor said.

Emmett barely had time to process the shock that a teacher had ACTUALLY just told him that he was allowed to relieve himself (He was fairly sure he could count the number of times THAT had happened on one hand). He shakily released one hand from his crotch and yanked the door open, rushing inside.

He felt extremely stupid a second later when, upon finally being inside a restroom, the very first thing he did was glance around to see where the urinals he needed were located. It was just pure force of habit! He only ever used stalls if it was an emergency and the urinals were all occupied. He didn’t like having to touch the door, so he usually peed with it still open.

He could unfortunately hear several streams hissing into toilet bowls, the sound an unbearable tease on his bladder, forcing his incredibly slow dribble to pick up into a more constant stream.

He HOPED that there was a vacant stall he could use. There was only one, luckily he’d gleaned from Shelby that girls didn’t follow the same rules guys did, and it was FINE to use a toilet that was right next to one that was already taken. He entered the stall and started to yank at his zipper, then when he heard a toilet flush, he doubled forwards and cringed, realizing that he probably DID have to shut and lock the stall this time.

He reached behind himself to do that, stomping his feet frantically. Once the lock was noisily flung into place, he tore his zipper down and winced as he reached to grab his wet member from his sopping boxers. The instant his hand made contact, he squeezed down on himself with all his strength to prevent another massive leak.

It struck him then that the toilet seat was down— That shouldn’t have been surprising, but if he peed now, he could splash it, and leave a mess for someone else to deal with. He didn’t want to make someone sit in his piss, that was disgusting! He needed to lift the seat, but that would require him to TOUCH it. He didn’t like touching the toilet seat at HOME that much, the idea of his hands coming into contact with a PUBLIC one made his skin crawl!

He could sit… But, he hated that idea even more! He NEVER sat on public toilets. Even that time he broke his foot when he was eight and staying upright got CHALLENGING, he always either worked through the pain and stood, or just HELD it until he got home and could sit down without feeling like he was getting infected with anything.

Emmett realized that he’d actually gone frozen for a few seconds while he’d been considering this, still dripping into his pants. How ridiculous. Finally AT a toilet only to get locked inside his own head again to the point that he couldn’t USE it. The best solution was probably to wrap toilet paper around his hand and lift up the seat THAT way, but he’d have to let go of his dick and bend a little, and—

Hsssssshhhhhhhh!

An incredibly intense jet soaked out over his clutching hands, and— Did this even MATTER?! Seriously! Sometimes, he felt like there was some tiny gremlin that lived inside his brain and filled it full of STUPID worries that blocked out all the stuff that was actually IMPORTANT! The ONLY important thing right now was PEEING. He could PROBABLY just go with the seat down! He had good aim, he could WIPE everything up if he missed some—

He pulled himself out and aimed at the bowl. Drips still pattered out of him, just as they’d been doing for the last several minutes, to his dismay they came out with such little force that they plinked to the floor, and he stood closer to the toilet so that they’d land where they were supposed to. He was frustrated that he hadn’t started gushing yet, he’d expected it to pour out the second his clothes were out of the way. Anxiety was clenching in his chest, however. A whole lot of it.

Anxiety about how he wasn’t supposed to be IN here, anxiety about how Ms. Hancroft would be angry if she found out, anxiety about how silly he must have looked to the professor, anxiety about how he might pee on the seat and make a mess, because he was always SUPPOSED to lift the seat up—

That tugging, tight feeling that he associated with panic always DID act up when he broke a routine— ANY routine. If he brushed his teeth BEFORE he showered, his chest skittered and ached because that wasn’t the order he SHOULD have done it in.

And the routine for peeing was that he always lifted the seat. It was a rule.

But, he couldn’t TOUCH it, and he couldn’t SIT, and this was just so STUPID! That was the most aggravating part! He KNEW it was stupid, he knew his ‘rules’ and ‘routines’ were meaningless, that they accomplished NOTHING, that nothing catastrophic would happen if he broke one… But, he still FELT so anxious, and he was so anxious that he couldn’t PEE and if he didn’t pee NOW he was going to freaking DIE.

Shelby… Shelby was joking around with him one time, and at some point she ended up mentioning how a lot of the girls at school didn’t like to sit on the toilets because they thought they were gross, too. So, they ‘hovered’ over them. He could just do THAT. With his parts, he’d probably have an easier time than the girls did, anyway.

He hurriedly shoved his pants down the rest of the way, fighting not to shudder when they clung damply to him. He turned and crouched over the toilet, positioning his dick so that it pointed straight down and THEN he had that immediate fire-hose burst that he’d been expecting. There was no gradual transition between his dribbles and his waterfall, it happened in the blink of an eye, and straight away his needy agony snapped and gave way to intense relief.

He gritted his teeth, jaw muscles throbbing. He wanted to moan and gasp and pant, he wanted to suck in big gusts of air as he was finally allowed to breathe normally again. But, he didn’t want to make any noise. He felt awkward enough in here, it would get worse if he did anything that drew attention to himself.

Once the most intense waves of euphoria seemed to have passed, he let his mouth go slack and exhaled a tiny sigh “Phew…” He kept glancing down, trying to make sure he wasn’t missing the bowl. This wasn’t the most comfortable position to urinate in, particularly when he was going for such a long time. He was even a little tempted to just sit down the rest of the way so that his legs could relax along with the rest of him. He knew better, though. If he touched the toilet, NONE of him would stay relaxed for much longer.

Once his bladder had wrung itself dry, and the bloated pain had been replaced by tingling numbness, he stood up the rest of the way and reached to pull his pants back up. As he did, his good feelings started to evaporate in the way he WISHED the pee coating his clothing would. His boxers felt like he’d let them soak in a bathtub for a few hours before putting them on. The crotch of his pants was a LOT darker than the rest of the material, and long tracks of dampness were visible all down his legs, the very bottoms of his pants made it look like he’d just walked through a rain puddle. Even his socks felt clammy, and the tops of his shoes were tinted darker.

He may have just released an ocean into the toilet, but he’d let one go in his pants as well. Even if he’d been able to FINISH peeing in the correct place, there was no way he could claim that he’d ‘made it’ in time. Anyone who looked at him would know he’d had an accident, they wouldn’t CARE that he’d gotten to a bathroom in the end. They’d just see his sodden pants and laugh…

Not to mention, this felt so REVOLTING. Now what?! He couldn’t STAY like this until he got home, that was hours from now! The acrid stench of his pee made him feel all twitchy, the chafing of his cold, wet clothes was nauseating! He couldn’t escape from the awful tactile sensations of his accident.

A burning began to take roost in the backs of his eyes, he felt dangerously close to crying. He wanted to be HOME right now. He wanted to wash himself, change, and then not leave his room for a few days. He didn’t want to leave the stall and face the world, but he couldn’t STAY there either.

A sob hitched in his throat, and he forced himself to shove the door open. He could wash his hands and arms off, at least. His hands had come into plenty of contact with his urine, after all. He hadn’t been able to stop letting loose into his palms.

He knew the best course of action would be to wash his hands as fast as he could and get OUT of that room but, faced as he was with such a stressful, disgusting event, once he STARTED to do something comforting, he found he couldn’t stop. He scrubbed his hands over and over, the sink faucet turned all the way to hot. He dug his nails into his palms and over the backs of his hands, clawing at them as though he could pry away all the awfulness of today if he just got his hands clean enough. He only managed to stop when he actually EMPTIED the soap dispenser of the sink he was at.

When the dispenser failed to squirt out anything else, something snapped apart in his head and he was able to pause and try to breathe again, tears falling.

He stopped breathing again when he heard a toilet flush. He wanted to run out before the stall door opened and he was left standing there in wet pants in front of a girl— In front of a COLLEGE girl— But, going into the hall was scary too, how many people would be out there?! In the end, he just froze as the door swung open.

A girl stepped out, Emmett tried not to pay attention to her, to how DRY she was, because SHE’D actually made it here in time… She looked at him for a second— The longest second of his life. “Did you… Spill something?” She asked.

He was positive she was humoring him, and that she knew PRECISELY what had actually happened. He was grateful that she was at least being nice. “U—Um…” he croaked out. “Yeah… I—I’m here on a tour with my sch—school, and I— Spilled something… Yeah.”

“Weird they’d bring you on a tour here,” the girl said. “When you can’t—“

“I h—have a twin sister, they mixed us up,” Emmett said. He wriggled, his pants felt more disgusting with each second. Shifting on his feet, he muttered, “I don’t wanna go back like this…”

“Have you met Professor Zander?”

Emmett shrugged. He didn’t know the name of the professor he’d been with earlier.

“He’s the only guy professor here,” she said. “I dunno. Maybe he has something you can wear. Might be big on you ‘cause you’re tiny, but at least it won’t be…” She glanced down at his crotch, making him blush.

Emmett nodded. “H—He might still be w—waiting in the hall for me,” he said. “B—Because… He was showing me where… Where I could find paper towels…”

He went to the door and opened it, Professor Zander was still there, and his face fell when he saw Emmett struggling to hide his very wet crotch. His brows furrowed, and he looked angry for a second which frightened Emmett. “I… I go swimming in the pool after my classes are done,” he said. “My swimsuit looks enough like a pair of shorts, you can wear that back to your school, I’ll just… I’ll get another one.”

“Y—You don’t have to do tha—“

“It’s fine, come on…” Professor Zander led Emmett down another hallway and into a lecture hall. He got a pair of swimming trunks from his bag and let Emmett change in the supply closet. Emmett felt a lot better after he’d peeled off his wet pants and boxers and put on something dry. He didn’t really know what to DO with his clothes, though, and stayed inside the closet for a few more minutes.

Professor Zander knocked. “You okay?”

“What should I do with my—“

“Leave them. I’ll get rid of them. Unless they’re important to y—“

“I’ll just… I’ll leave them,” Emmett said, leaving the closet. “I’m sorry…”

“So… Let me get this straight,” Professor Zander said. “Your school brought you to tour an all women’s university—“

“They made lists, and mixed me up with my twin sist—“

“Okay, so they made one small mistake. But, they brought you somewhere that the only public restrooms are designated for women— Where there are NO men’s rooms apart from a few only accessible if you have keys to the staff break-rooms— Then when you had… Um… When ‘nature called’, they refused to let you use a women’s room OR ask someone to get a key for you?”

Emmett nodded. “I— I tried really hard to wait—“

“You requested permission to use the women’s room.”

“Y—Yes…” Emmett nodded, blushing as he remembered that he’d nearly begged…

“You requested for them to get you a key.”

Emmett nodded, blushing harder. He’d DEFINITELY begged that time…

“So, you made it clear that it was… Urgent?”

More nodding. He’d asked so many times, and his dancing had been obvious enough.

“And what did they say?”

“They told me I had to hold it until we got back to my school,” Emmett said. “And I TRIED, but we’re still not even done with the tour, and it’s a couple hours to get to—“

“Hold on, you think that you’re the one who needs to apologize?” Professor Zander asked.

“Y—Yeah, I didn’t want to bother y—“

“None of this is your fault,” Professor Zander said firmly. “That your school would bring you somewhere without a men’s bathroom and refuse to let you use the women’s is ridiculous. What did they expect you to do?”

“H—Hold it unti—“

“Ridiculous,” Professor Zander repeated. “And cruel. I actually used to teach high school and, I swear, the rules the admins wanted me to enforce about students just using the bathroom were absurd. But, on field trips that was usually more relaxed… If you were in MY class, this wouldn’t have happened.”

“Thank you for… Um…” Emmett tugged nervously at the edges of the swim trunks. “For…”

“You’re welcome,” Professor Zander said. “Hey, if your teachers ever give you a hard time about using the bathroom again, remind them that in college you’re allowed to just get up and leave whenever you have to.”

Emmett left the room, feeling a bit better. At least he was cleaner now, anyway.

He wondered if Shelby had had similar issues touring the men’s university…

