A Certain Scientific Omorashi Story

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2014-10-02 05:48

Foreword- This is a To Aru Majutsu No Index/A Certain Magical Index fanfiction, though it mostly uses my own original characters and is merely set in the same universe. If you are not familiar with the series, you may still enjoy this story, but you need to know some context first. If you already know about the To Aru universe, feel free to skip to the story (indicated by centered title and non-italic text.

- Academy City is the name of the main setting of the To Aru universe. It's a giant city of schools with a population of mostly students and teachers, with technology said to be 20 years ahead of the rest of the world.

- Espers are students with supernatural abilities created and developed by scientists. They are typically rated in levels from 0 to 5, with Level 0 meaning you have no power and Level 5 being the strongest and most rare. There are only 7 Level 5 Espers in Academy City.

- Judgement is a city-wide "disciplinary committee" made up of students that perform community service and serve as something of a police force. Having a useful (or any) Esper ability is not a requirement to get in, but Junichi, when he brings it up, simply means he personally feels too weak to be a member of Judgement without a useful ability.

- The 11th Dimension is simply canonical technobabble to explain how teleportation is supposed to work. I'm not a theoretical physicist, so I can't tell you how accurate or inaccurate it actually is.

Now, without further ado, let's get to the story.

とある科学のお漏らし話

To Aru Kagaku No Omorashi Hanashi

A Certain Scientific Omorashi Story

Ch. 1

Yoshida Junichi could say with quite a lot of certainty that he was probably the weakest Level 3 in the history of Academy City.

Normally being a teleportation-type Esper was supposed to be special and useful, and indeed if he had been a teleportation Esper in the traditional sense, he might have actually been able to join Judgment like he had always wanted to.

But as it stood now, he was weak and useless and his stupid teleportation ability had to be do useless that he almost wished he was a Level 0. At least then he could legitimately get away with never revealing his power.

Wet Point.

Most unconventional teleportation abilities were affixed with the suffix “Point”. This was to make finding these unconventional teleportation Espers in the database and fast and simple process.

Of course, Yoshida Junichi, due to sheer bad luck in the super power lottery, had drawn what was the most specifically restrictive teleportation ability the power development lab at his school had ever heard of.

He could move water, either from any container or from the air itself (provided the surrounding air was damp enough) into the bladders of females.

It inexplicably only worked on females, and even more inexplicably, he couldn’t move the water anywhere else. It HAD to be in a female’s bladder. The very existence of Wet Point had baffled his school’s power development team that when it had first emerged when he was in middle school, he had gone through an uncountable number of tests just to see if the reasons for his power’s restrictions could even be ascertained, let alone the restrictions themselves lifted.

When he was younger, the power had served him nothing but embarrassment, and he hid it as much as possible. At that point, he rarely ever used them by choice. Instead, it had been his inability to fully control his powers that had let to the discomfort and embarrassment of many female teachers, scientists, and fellow peers.

Even now, he found using his powers to be a rather innocuous and pointless endeavor. He couldn’t say that he hadn’t grown somewhat fond of the sight of a woman or fellow classmate squirming from a full bladder, but he disliked the idea of using his powers in class, and outside of school it was rare that he’d be able to find a target who wasn’t in the position to use the toilets at any time anyway.

In other words, even though he was starting to become something of an omorashi fetishist, his power was, at most, a rare novelty device that could only be used under specific circumstances.

Even now, as he sat in his desk, listening to the same old lecture about “Personal Reality” and the like, He found himself unable to bring himself to use it on any of his classmates.

Well, the only one I’d find cute enough to use it on anyway would be Kaede-san…

Just as he thought this, however, he felt his mind almost instinctively making the appropriate calculations in the 11th dimension and almost move the water in the humid classroom air into the unsuspecting girl’s bladder.

Shit.

He managed to stop himself before it reached her, but now that he had transported the water into the 11th dimension, he’d have to move it somewhere. His power didn’t allow him to disperse water to multiple bladders at once, and it also wouldn’t allow him to keep the water in a semi-moved state. If he didn’t pick someone quickly, the water would move into the original target bladder.

“Yoshida-san, are you paying attention?”

The teacher’s voice sealed her own fate. The second Junichi’s concentration moved from Kaede to his unsuspecting sensei, the water moved instantly into its new target.

“Y-yes!” Junichi lied, but he could tell his teacher was only half-aware of his answer. She had a new, more immediate problem to deal with.

Junichi’s teacher, Yamashiro-sensei, was a relatively young-looking and attractive teacher. She was one of those teachers with a figure that made some students, both male and female, lust after her, with large breasts and a cute, yet at the same time mature, face. Her long, black hair flowed in waves down to the small of her back, and her curvaceous figure was nice to look at. She always wore professional, business-like attire, but to many students this just gave their imaginations room to run wild.

Of course, Junichi wasn’t the kind of guy who’d lust after his teacher, and her personality was just straight-laced and stiff enough that, even if she wasn’t his teacher, it would probably be enough of a turn-off to make him loose interest quickly.

However, that wasn’t what Junichi was paying attention to right now.

It was apparent that Yamashiro-sensei was having a hard time keeping her need discrete.

“Go-good, anyway, as I was saying…”

Her voice betrayed her nervousness, at least, to Junichi. He had the full context of the situation, something he couldn’t exactly say for his classmates. Still, as subtle as she was trying to keep her need now, eventually she’d have to make the decision to excuse herself from the classroom or risk flooding her dress skirt and stockings.

Though, I didn’t move that much water into her bladder… Perhaps she was already holding it beforehand?

Junichi, having seen experienced enough displays of desperation and wetting at the hands of his power, was particularly good at picking out if a woman had to use the toilets or not. Yet Yamashiro had not shown any signs of being uncomfortable at all before his slip-up. Still, he knew that he did not move much water before he caught himself.

She must be incredibly good at disguising her needs… in which case, she must be almost at her limit by now…

Her lecture continued, but soon even the less aware students began to catch on to something being wrong. Yamashiro’s legs were restless, her face was slightly flushed, and beads of sweat were starting to form on her forehead. Every twenty seconds or so, she’d pause to check her watch or otherwise get distracted and stop talking briefly.

As it started growing closer to the end of the period, Junichi’s sensitive ears started picking up minute moans escaping his sensei’s mouth. She had one of her hands held stiffly in front of her, partially obscured by her desk, and she was now unable to stand up completely straight. Her heels were tapping against the floor almost frequently enough to be a constant distraction from her increasingly disoriented lecture, and he had long since stopped turning around to write on the board.

Even though she’d still have to endure for five more minutes, Yamashiro was showing no signs of giving in. She had long since decided to drop any pretense she was holding onto and was now holding herself openly, albeit with her lower body hidden behind the desk.

Still, her determination would only go so far.

There were only two minutes left to go, but Junichi knew when a woman hit their limit.

Yamashiro-sensei’s eyes grew wide as she jammed her other hand in between her legs. She doubled over until her head was resting on the desk in front of her and let out a loud, very audible moan.

“Ha…. Ha…”

The sounds of her heavy breathing filled the room as she tried desperately to fight back the inevitable flood. She squeezed one of her eyes closed and silently mouthed something that to Junichi looked a lot like “I can’t hold it any longer…”

However, as though a new spark of determination lit the fires of her endurance, Yamashiro-sensei righted herself and bowed sheepishly.

“P-please excuse me, I’m going to the toilets!”

As she turned to head for the door, Junichi found himself cursing. Somewhere along the lines he had found himself really wanting to see Yamashiro-sensei wet herself in front of the class.

Of course, it’s not like the situation’s entirely out of my control just yet...

With a devious glint in his eyes, he gathered a small amount of water from the air, probably no more than ten milliliters, and used Wet Point to move them inside of her already bursting bladder.

She had reached her limit already. There was absolutely no way she’d be able to hold even that much more.

“Hhhnnnnn!”

She bit her lip as a loud moan escaped and she doubled over once again. She buried both of her hands in her crotch as hard as she could and squeezed her legs together tightly, but it was no use. A short, audible hiss filled the room as a trickle of wetness escaped down Yamashiro-sensei’s legs.

“AAAhhhh! No! Don’t… not here!”

At this point, Yamashiro-sensei’s whole body was shaking in an attempt to prevent any more leaks, but it was highly unlikely she’d so much as be able to move from her position, let alone make it to the toilets without an accident

.

“Ha… ha… ha… I can’t… its coming…!”

She squirmed in her place and held on for dear life, her whole body straining as she desperately fought her body’s natural desire to empty her overfilled bladder. The whole class was watching with various degrees of interest as their teacher stood there at the brink of wetting herself.

Another loud, short hiss filled the room and a few drops of golden urine fell on the floor. Junichi’s power could only fill a bladder up with water, so the fact that her urine was yellow instead of a yellowish-clear color meant that she had been holding it before Junichi even used his powers.

“Hnnnnn! Don’t come out!!!”

Junichi had to give Yamashiro credit for holding on even at this state. She still hadn't completely lost the battle, and while from here on out it was hopeless for her, the fact that she was holding on despite knowing this was admirable.

She tried righting herself to at least regain some semblance of dignity, but the second she did another loud spurt escaped her. It was a losing battle from here on out, but despite being backed into a physiological corner by her own body, it didn't look as though Yamashiro-sensei was going to give up so easily.

She took a step forwards towards the door and froze stiff. She was at that point where walking was the only thing that could get her to the toilet, but would no doubt cause her to wet herself if she tried.

“Ha… ha…”

Still, she forged onward and took another step towards the classroom door.

That was the absolute limit of her endurance.

“A-aaaahhhh no! No no no! Don’t come out! Don’t come ouuuttt!!”

As she pleaded in futility, a loud, constant hissing filled the room and the pungent odor of fresh urine spread throughout the room. Golden liquid streamed out between her legs and pooled at her feet. She lost all pretense and dignity in that instant and let the sheer pleasure of relief paint an almost serene look on her face as her overfull bladder emptied itself out onto the classroom floor.

“Ha…. Ha….” She panted, taking two steps back before collapsing just on the edge of her own urine puddle.

Suddenly, the bell rang and Yamashiro-sensei was brought back to the real world

.

Her face lit up bright red, and her eyes grew watery with tears as she sat in humiliation on the floor.

“Oh my… I can’t believe I just… Haaaaa… don’t look at me!!”

In an uncharacteristic display of childish unprofessionalism, Yamashiro-sensei buried her face in her hands and tried to hide herself with her arms.

I kind of feel bad for her now, but in truth, she’s a much cuter sensei like this.

Junichi shook his head. He wouldn’t start thinking impure thoughts about his sensei like that. In fact, the whole situation, sans his purposeful involvement at the end, was entirely an accident.

Now that the period was over, it was lunch time, and seeing as no one was particularly interested in eating lunch in a room that smelled of urine, all of the students began filing out of the rooms slowly. Junichi was one of the last people to leave, but he tried to leave the room as casually as possible without drawing attention to himself.

Man, this is why I don’t use my powers in class! Once someone starts squirming, I want to see it out to its conclusion. I’m turning into a damn pervert. At this rate, I’ll become someone entirely undesirable to Kaede-san…

“Eh…!”

A short gasp from behind him made Junichi freeze in his tracks.

He thought he recognized the sound of that gasp, but he silently prayed to the goddess of fortune to please not let it be who he thought it was.

He turned around slowly, only to be met with the brown eyes, folded brown ponytail, and somewhat small frame of his classmate and crush, Inazuma Kaede.

Man, I’m just being paranoid! What do I have to worry about… it’s not like…

“A-ah… J-Junichi-s-san… um… I think… maybe this is a bit… erm… I think I should tell you something…”

“Huh, what is it, Kaede-san?”

Kaede shuffled around nervously and looked away, “Ah… sorry for invading your privacy… but… um… My Esper ability… er… I… I can read minds.”

To be continued…

*003*2014-10-02 16:30

{{: 

O.O

I just started watching Index a day ago and I'm loving it, I haven't read your fanfic yet but I can't wait to, just wondering if it has any spoilers for the anime yet (in which case i'll wait to read it till after I finish the anime soon)

}}

Right now, there aren't really any spoilers, since it's centered around OCs, so for now, you're okay. Since I plan on including canon events and characters in the future, I'll remember to post appropriate spoiler warnings before the chapters as needed.

*005*2014-10-03 06:48

Foreword: Alright guys! Here's the next chapter! I wanted to keep this one around the same length as the previous chapter, but I put a lot of exposition and story stuff up at the front. Theoretically, I could've spit the chapter in two, but that would leave you guys without a desperation scene, and who wants that, right?

Anyway, there's no spoilers in this one, and for those not familiar with the To Aru universe, there isn't anything in this chapter you wouldn't be able to follow if you didn't read the foreword of the last chapter, so without further ado, let's get to the story!

Ch. 2

Junichi didn’t know how to react.

Kaede was supposed to be a Level 1 Esper with very little power. He didn’t know many Level 1s (paradoxically, Level 1s were often rare, especially in high school. As long as a student wasn’t a Level 0, it was common for them to be able to train up their power to at least Level 21), but he was almost certain that telepathy was one of those abilities that almost always registered as a Level 2 in a System Scan.

Hearing that Kaede was a mind reader was a thorough enough shock for Yoshida Junichi that he fell into a sort of blank stare and his brain simply stopped conducting higher-level cognitive functions.

“T-thank you…”

Hearing Kaede’s voice once more was enough to restart Junichi’s thought processes, and when he finally realized what he had said, he could only respond one way.

“W-what?”

Kaede looked away, “Ah, T-thank you for not… you know… using your ability on me in class.”

“A-ah… so… you heard that too…” Junichi lowered his head, “Ah, just how much did you hear, exactly?”

Kaede looked around and fidgeted a little bit, “Ah! Sorry for eavesdropping… a-anyway, let’s not stand around here for too long. We should go eat lunch too, right?”

Junichi’s heart skipped a beat.

It wasn’t exactly the ideal situation, but his crush was asking him to eat lunch with her. Even if the atmosphere would be awkward, there was no way Junichi would pass this chance up.

“Yeah, let’s head up on the roof, then. It’s nice and quiet up there.”

“Really?” Kaede asked, “I always hear students talking or thinking about how there must be a lot of people up on the roof…”

“Ah, yeah,” Junichi replied, “See, since everyone figures that there’s already people up on the roof at this time, no one actually bothers going up there to check, and so it winds up always being empty.”

Just as he had said, upon reaching the roof, the two had found it entirely devoid of other students.

“Ah!” Kaede sighed as she threw her arms up and stretched, “It’s actually really nice up here!”

Junichi watched the brown-haired girl twirl happily in front of him and nearly forgot the whole situation that had brought the two here in the first place.

Ah, she’s really cute- wait! Nonono! I can’t think like that! She can hear me! AH! But I can’t think about not thinking about it either!! Man, what do I do in this situation?

Kaede turned around and, with a pout and an unsurprisingly ineffective glare, she poked Junichi’s chest and said, “Alright, you need to calm down! Isn’t it rude to assume that I’m always going to be reading your thoughts!?”

Junichi was astonished that such a forward, forceful tone could be produced by someone like Kaede, and it left him staring wide-eyed at her.

“A-ah! S-sorry! S-sometimes, I get tired of people assuming I’m always reading their thoughts…”

Junichi looked away, “Ah, no, that’s okay, but er… isn’t the fact that you heard me think that proof that you were reading them?”

“Uwahh!” Kaede frowned, “I’m sorry! I’m sorry… in truth… I don’t have any control over my abilities…”

This caught Junichi by surprise.

“Hmm?”

“A-ah! It’s really embarrassing, actually!” Kaede waved her hands around, flustered… “Ah, but… It would be nice to finally talk to someone about it… I guess…”

Junichi sat down against the fence and placed down his store-bought bento. It was those kinds you’d find in convenience stores that were adored by anyone who was too busy or unable to cook meals for themselves. In truth, Junichi knew how to cook a select few things, but none of them were particularly easy to take to school in a bento.

He tried really hard (and failed) to not picture Kaede, who had with her a homemade bento, offering him a lunch she had prepared with love.

Kaede didn’t seem to react to his thoughts, but Junichi couldn’t tell if she just wasn’t surprised by them, or if she wasn’t actually hearing them at all.

“Ah, so, you can’t control your telepathy?” Junichi re-initiated the conversation once they had begun to eat.

Kaede looked away, “I’ll… I’ll tell you about it… but…”

She paused and took a deep breath before continuing in a more forceful tone.

“I want you to explain your power to me!”

Could it be… is she interested in those kinds of things?

At this, Kaede did gasp, and her face grew bright red.

“O-of course not! I… If I’m going to be in a class with a pervert who can fill a girl’s bladder, I want to know the details to avoid being in a dangerous situation!”

The “pervert” part had pierced Junichi through like a spear, and he physically recoiled at her statement.

“A-ah! S-sorry, it’s not that I actually… think you’re a… pervert… or anything… I mean… One could say it’s pretty perverted… but ah… everyone has different tastes, so…”

Seeing Kaede switching from being adorably forceful to soft-spoken and apologetic was not something Junichi had expected from his classmate, but he didn’t exactly dislike it either.

“Ah, okay, I’ll go first, then,” Junichi began after swallowing a bite of his food, “I’m not sure how much you know from reading my mind, but my ability, Wet Point, is essentially based in teleportation through the 11th dimension. How it works is this. I can teleport any amount of water within twenty meters of me- be it molecules of water in the air, or actual liquid water in a visible container- into the bladder of any female within ten meters of me in my immediate line of sight. It has to be a female bladder as a receptacle, I can’t teleport the liquid anywhere else, and I can’t teleport the liquid into the 11th dimension without having a target to choose from, and if my target moves out of my line of sight, or I otherwise stop the teleportation before it reaches them, I have about thirty seconds to pick another target before the water is deposited into the nearest female’s bladder.”

“Ah, that’s a strangely specific ability…”

“Yeah,” Junichi acknowledged, “When I was in middle school, the scientists kept testing my power to try to find out why it was so specific. Unfortunately, they never managed to find out about it. Aside from the ability to essentially stage a desperation scenario to watch, I can’t exactly say it’s a really useful power.”

Kaede placed her finger on her lip as though she had a thought.

“A-ah, but wait! Do you think you can dehydrate things using your ability?”

“Huh, what do you mean?”

“I mean, you can take water molecules out of the air, right? Well, what if you took water molecules out of other things? For instance, let’s say you got caught out in the rain and you’re clothes were soaked. Assuming you had a female to act as a receptacle for the water, couldn’t you theoretically transport the water out of your clothes and into their bladder?”

Junichi stared at Kaede for a long while, as though she had just revealed to him the secret to life and the universe.

Granted, the ability to “dry things out if and only if there was a female within ten meters of him whose bladder he could fill” was only marginally more useful than anything he used his power for currently, he was more astonished that he had actually accomplished that in one of the tests back in middle school and subsequently completely forgot about it.

“That’s brilliant!” Junichi shouted, startling Kaede.

“Awawawah!” Kaede yelped, losing her grip on the juice box she had been sipping on. As she dropped it onto her lap, the cold liquid poured out of the straw and onto her skirt. She picked up the box quickly, but the damage had already been done. A noticeable wet spot sat in almost the perfect position to give people the wrong idea about what had happened.

“Uwah! I can’t believe I was so clumsy!! Wh-what am I going to do!”

Junichi stared at the scene before him in disbelief. It was impossible. This was just too much. There was no way this series of events wasn’t being brought about my some greater power.

Junichi had never been overly superstitious, but he felt like he was either being repaid for all the women he made suffer previously, or rewarded despite not having done anything to deserve it.

“Ah, we just figured out the solution, didn’t we?”

Kaede looked up at him blankly, “Huh? What do you-”

Either she came to the conclusion herself or had read his mind (however she actually did that, after all, she hadn’t gotten around to explaining her ability yet), but her face lit up bright red.

“A-ah! But, there’s no one else to use as a receptacle, so you’d have to….”

Junichi tried not to look too pleased as he leaned back against the fence, “Well, it’s either that or going around the school looking like that.”

Kaede pouted, “You’re not allowed to enjoy this situation!”

Suddenly, the bell rang. Inadvertently, they had used up their allotted time for lunch.

“Ah, we should head back to class,” Junichi stood up, “Well, I don’t want to use my ability on you if don’t want me too, so I guess the most I can offer you is to hide you while we walk through the halls… Oh yeah, and you still owe me an explanation of your powers.”

As Junichi turned around, Kaede looked down at her feet before finally yelling, “Please wait!”

Junichi turned around, doing his best to look indifferent.

“It’s… its fine, use your ability… to dry my skirt…”

###

Kaede frowned as she sat in her desk.

She had to use the toilet.

She really had to use the toilet.

The amount of water Junichi had moved into her bladder to dry off her skirt had been miniscule, but what she hadn’t told Junichi was that she had been holding it since their conversation began.

In fact, she had been holding it since before their class with Yamashiro-san began.

“Ha… ha…”

Kaede was really good at holding her pee.

This was vitally important for her, because otherwise, she couldn’t focus her Esper abilities.

She still hadn’t told Junichi how her abilities worked, but that was one of the least of her problems.

The first, at the very moment, was that she was coming very close to reaching the limit of her endurance.

“Ha… ha… hnnnn!”

She squirmed around at her desk and tried desperately not to give into the temptation of holding herself. It was too noticeable, and while it offered temporary relief, it also acted as a crutch.

One of the first times she held it, she had been at home and free to go whenever she wished. Because of her environment, she had no shame in grabbing herself and holding in her pee until she was at the very limit of her endurance. Of course, since she was relying so heavily on using her hands to hold back the flood, the instant she removed them to take off her skirt, she couldn’t stop the resulting torrent and was forced to sit on the toilet bowl and pee through her panties.

Since then, she had always been wary of grabbing herself, especially in public.

“Ha… ha…”

This isn’t good! If I lose it here, I’m going to have a lot more to worry about than a small stain on my skirt!”

Unfortunately for her, she had gathered that Junichi’s ability was a one-way road. There was no removing water from a girl’s bladder if she was already desperate, there was only adding more regardless of their state of desperation.

Essentially, anything that Junichi could do would make the situation worse at this point.

She tried not to squirm around too much. She was exceptionally good at hiding her needs when she wasn’t this close to her limit, but her façade wouldn’t last forever, and eventually someone like Junichi, who was most likely accustomed to these scenarios, would catch on to her problem.

“Ha… ha… ah!”

Biting her lip to catch the gasp that escaped, Kaede clenched her thighs together tightly to fight off the wave of desperation surging through her abdomen. She had long since grown used to the pain of holding it in for long periods, but the pressure wasn’t gone. She was at the peak of her desperation.

Five… five more minutes… then I can pee!

Oh, but how exceptionally long five minutes would feel to Kaede, who was already nearing her limit. She had been holding it for so long that she was nearly losing her mind. She was at the point that she couldn’t even focus on the thoughts or voices of people around her. The teacher’s lecture was just a dull drone in the background, and the only think she could think about was the toilet.

I want to pee… I want to pee… I… I have to pee! I need to pee!

She wouldn’t hold herself. That’s what she had kept telling herself. Of course, she was slowly running out of options. She knew from reading internet articles about the subject that crossing your legs in a sitting position only made things worse, and there was only so much squirming and leg shaking she could get away with in the classroom.

“Ha… haaaa…..”

Four minutes and thirty seconds to go.

She wanted to hold herself. She wanted to rub her stomach. She wanted to double over and press her hands tightly enough against her crotch to relieve just some of the pressure. She wanted to get up and press herself against the corner of the table to keep her pee inside her. She wanted to instantly warp to a toilet with her panties down around her ankles so she could finally pee.

She wanted to raise her hand and ask the teacher if she could use the toilets, despite this particular teacher being a stickler for those kinds of things. She wanted turn to Junichi and shake him by the collar until he somehow managed to reverse his powers. She wanted to grab the empty water bottle she had in her backpack, shove it between her legs, and pee into it loudly until it was full.

Three minutes to go.

“Ha… ha… ha… haaaaa!”

She had to pee. She couldn’t even focus on anything. She couldn’t hear Junichi’s thoughts. She couldn’t hear the teacher’s words. She couldn’t even think clearly enough. Pee. She had to pee. She had been this desperate, for sure, but she always lost all sense when she reached this point. Her eyes took on an almost crazed look as she held it in without so much as grabbing herself.

How long had she actually been holding it? She couldn’t remember, and she didn’t care. Whether she had been holding it for an hour or five didn’t even matter to her anymore. She just wanted to pee. She wanted to let it out. She was desperate. She was beyond desperate. It felt as though she was holding more water in her bladder than it was even meant to hold. Her brain and body were screaming at her to do something, anything, to resolve the situation

Suddenly, a short spurt escaped into her panties, and her eyes widened.

No… no way, I’m at my limit?

Two minutes to go.

“Ha… ha… ha…”

There was no way out of the situation. There was no salvation for her.

She recalled the scene of her teacher losing control of herself in front of the classroom and shook her head.

She wanted to avoid that same fate, but her body had reached her limit. She wasn’t going to make it to the end of the period at this rate.

No… no… no… there has to be something… anything… I… I need to go NOW!

“Ha… ha… ha… haaaa… haaaaaaa…”

What could she do that wouldn’t be noticed? She couldn’t very well pee into anything she had here. The noise alone would alert everyone to her actions, and even if she managed to avoid that somehow, she doubted even her water bottle could hold everything she had in her bladder.

She couldn’t pee here. There was no way she could facilitate such an action without being noticed. But even still, she was at her limit. Her bladder was so full that even just sitting down was putting undue pressure on it. Her loose uniform did well to hide the undoubtedly visible bulge of her distended abdomen, but other people knowing she was desperate to pee was about to become the least of her worries.

Come on, Kaede! Think! Something… anything… I… I can’t hold it any longer!

“Ha… ha… ha… ha…”

As her breaths became more uneven, she tensed up even more. Another wave of desperation had washed over her, and with it, another leak escaped and soaked her panties further. She was sure that any more, and her panties would be at the limit of what they could absorb. She was growing ever so closer to a full on accident, and she had no way out of the situation.

One minute left, but Kaede had long since abandoned all hope of making it through until the end of the period.

Pee… pee… pee… I have to pee… I can’t… I have to hold it… I can’t hold it… but I have to!

She really wanted to grab herself. She wanted to grab herself almost as badly as she wanted to pee. If she grabbed herself, she’d be able to hold it back for a precious few more minutes. She could make it to the bathroom.

I won’t grab myself, though! I refuse! I can’t do something so embarrassing! Even if I did, I wouldn’t be able to let go later!

Another surge of desperation passed over her and she bit her lip. She was out of options.

She discretely jammed her hand between her legs and the result was almost instantaneous. The small relief that grabbing herself had earned her rekindled her faith in her ability to hold on.

Thirty seconds. She was home free.

“Ha… ha…”

I’m… I’m going to make it! I want to pee so badly, but I’m going to make it through the period!

Twenty seconds.

A-ah! That didn’t last long!

Indeed, the relief she had gotten from grabbing herself was short-lived, and now she was once again experiencing the full magnitude of her desperation.

Ten seconds.

“Ha… ha… ha… ha… ha…!”

She was so close. She was so close she could feel it. She just needed to hold on for a bit longer, and she’d be able to pee to her heart’s content.

Five seconds.

“Ha… ha… ha…”

Hnnn! Another spurt! Thi-is is worse than I thought…

Four seconds.

I can hold it, I can hold it! I can definitely hold it!

Three seconds.

Ah… ahhhh… I want to pee….

Two seconds.

Bell… please ring… save me!

One second.

I… I’m at… my limit…. I have to go… I have to pee!

The bell rang, and the teacher and many students left the room.

Some stayed behind, of course. Most of the time, many students would just stay in the room in the times between classes and wait for their next teacher to pile in. Out of those students, the ones who left usually did it to use the toilet or grab a drink from one of the vending machines.

Still sitting stiff in her desk was Kaede.

A-ahhh! This is bad...! If I move… I’ll…”

Junichi looked over at her with a look that told her he knew what was happening. It took her a lot of focus, but she managed to read his mind.

“Don’t give up now! Get up slowly. You can make it.”

If only he knew just how long she’d actually been holding it.

Still, sitting in her desk was definitely not going to resolve the situation. With much effort, Kaede managed to pull herself to her feet without losing a single drop.

“Ha… ha… ha…”

Standing up! Ah this is worse! I have to pee! I have to pee!

She tried to walk as casually as possible out of the classroom, but she still didn’t dare remove her hand from between her legs. It was a bit embarrassing, but if it meant avoiding what had happened to Yamashiro-sensei, she was ready to accept such embarrassment.

Unfortunately for Kaede, the toilets were down the hallway. But there were hardly any students in the halls at this point, and she was able to hold it and walk slowly until she reached her destination.

“Ha… I don’t know how… but I managed to make it!”

She walked into the W.C. and froze.

No.

This absolutely wasn’t happening.

Calling it a line would be a bit misleading, but the stalls were closed and there was already one student hopping from foot to foot with her hands jammed between her legs.

Kaede couldn’t hold it any longer.

She popped her head back out of the hallway and looked around.

“Ha… ha… I have no choice!”

She rushed into the guy’s toilets without being seen, but was met with an even more sorrowful sight.

An “out of order” sign, plastered against the only stall in the guy’s bathroom.

With no way of holding it until one of the girl’s toilets was free, and nowhere else to go, she gazed at the urinals with a red face.

Aaahhhh! It’s going to come out! I have no other options!”

Quickly she made her way over to one of the urinals and did her best to position herself in a way that would hopefully catch her pee. She moved her panties out of the way and held her skirt up with one hand as she held on tightly to herself with the other.

She let a tentative spurt out, just to see if it would land in the urinal. To her dismay, she missed.

“Ha… ha…”

She was holding back a flood, but she didn’t want to piss all over the floor either. She re-aimed as best as she could and let another spurt go.

Another miss.

“Haaaaahnnnn~!”

Stopping was even more painful than holding it in, but if she were to let it out now, she’d wind up making a puddle big enough to reach her shoes.

She repositioned herself once more and tried again.

Another miss.

“Not good, I can’t keep this up much longer, and if someone sees me… I’d die!”

She aimed herself one last time and let another spurt out. It was messy and some dribbled out onto the floor, but a main part of it streamed against the bottom of the urinal.

That was all she needed.

A torrent of warm pee flowed out of her loudly and landed in the urinal in front of her. She pleaded to whatever gods were listening that no one would walk in now. If she were to get caught, she’d never live it down.

But the relief was so glorious that she let out a loud, audible moan. Four hours, she had calculated. She had been holding it for four hours.

“AAAAhhhhhhh~!” she sighed. Her legs felt weak, but she had to keep standing as she peed into the urinal. She almost couldn’t believe she had made it through without an accident.

Ah… Junichi… he… he was able to encourage me to stand up when I couldn’t move. I have to thank him when I get the chance.

Even a minute later, she was still peeing. She was starting to feel like she’d never finish.

Eventually, however, she did, and even though she had made a few small puddles on the ground in front of the urinal, she was strangely proud that, for her first time trying to pee like a guy, she had done rather well.

“Ahh…. That was a relief!”

She pulled her panties back up and lowered her skirt before turning around. She wanted to get out of the men’s toilets before someone saw her. She’d slip over to the women’s toilets to wash her hands, she decided.

In her rush to leave without being seen, she barreled into an unsuspecting student entering the men’s toilets and knocked them both over.

She looked up and blushed when she saw Junichi staring at her baffled.

Of course, it didn’t take him long to figure out why she had been in the men’s toilets.

Even if he hadn’t known about her previous state, she sat on the ground with her legs apart, flashing her still damp panties to him.

He was pointedly trying not to look at them, but that meant he had already noticed them in the first place.

She felt lightheaded.

I… I can’t believe… I… he….

At the thought of everything that had just happened in the past day, Inazuma Kaede lost consciousness.

To be continued...

___

1 -I don't actually know the canonical statistics of Level distribution. Ironically, aside from Level 0's, we meet more confirmed Level 5s (6 out of the 7) than confirmed Level 1s (Uiharu and one of the PS2 game characters). I just went with "Level 1s are surprisingly rare" since a lot of the seemingly weak Espers are at least Level 2 and we meet exactly two of them in official works (one if you're discount the PS2 game). Moreover, Junichi is a Level 3 because his ability has a decent range and it's technically a teleportation skill, which despite its restrictive nature still involves calculations to move something through the 11th dimension.

*008*2014-10-04 09:09

Foreward: Alright guys! Chapter Three's out for sure! It's a bit later than I expected (though, to be fair, I'm kind of spoiling you guys with daily updates), but I've been busy with other things. Anyway, there are no spoilers in this one, but I was an idiot and just realized there was a term present in the first chapter that I didn't define! It shows up in this chapter again, so I'll get that out of the way now.

- Personal Reality is a term used in conjunction with an Esper's ability and shows up in the anime and light novels frequently. It's exact meaning is a bit hard to explain, but it's essentially a person's own separate "reality" that allows them to change the world around them, creating the effects of their abilities.

Sorry if you guys think these pre-chapter definitions are kind of pointless. I'm not sure if there's anyone reading this who isn't familiar with the To Aru series, but I know that sometimes I'll read desperation fanfictions despite not being familiar with the original works, and I want this story to be accessible to everyone who comes across it, not just To Aru fans. (But if you aren't familiar with To Aru Majutsu no Index, I definitely recommend you watch the anime at least.)

So, without further ado, let's get to the story!

Ch. 3

Junichi had never once considered it possible to actually die of embarrassment. Such a thing was so unscientific and ridiculous of a concept that he simply wrote it off as impossible.

But when Kaede collapsed after literally colliding with him on her rush out of the men’s toilets (which she had undoubtedly used to avoid an accident), he was worried that she had done just that.

So here he was, missing his next class while leaning against a chair in the nurse’s office, waiting for Kaede to come to.

It had been one thing to try to explain away what exactly had happened, and another thing altogether when the nurse discovered Kaede’s wet panties while Junichi was waiting outside. Now the bespectacled blonde was staring at him with suspicious eyes and it was starting to make him feel uncomfortable.

“You should go back to class, you know?” she stated sternly.

“Ah, but I’m concerned for my friend, though,” He argued in vain, getting up, “Well, I’m sure she’s fine at this point.”

Junichi sighed and made his way to the classroom with a written pass from the nurse.

What would things with Kaede be like from now on? Would she hate him because his powers had nearly made her wet herself? Would she be mad that he accidentally saw her panties?

He had wanted to talk to her the instant she woke up, if only to put his mind at rest, but it looked like that wasn’t going to happen.

No, wait… that small amount of water wouldn’t have made her that desperate that quickly… unless…

Could it be that Kaede was already holding it?

Geez, maybe I’m overthinking things. It’s entirely possible that she just didn’t realize how badly she had to go. I’ve been used my ability enough times to realize that most girls use that to explain away the sudden desperation, so it must be more common enough to happen naturally from time to time too.

Junichi threw his arms back behind his head as he walked down the halls at a leisurely pace. It wasn’t like he was exceptionally eager to get back to class.

“Ah! I’m gonna wet myself!”

Upon hearing the cry of a desperate girl, Junichi sighed and cleaned his ear with his pinky.

“Man! Now I’m hearing things! I need to get my mind off this sort of stuff.”

But instead of making the situation better, once Junichi pulled his pinky out of his ear, he heard another cry.

“Aaahhhh…. I’m not gonna make it!”

Suddenly, a girl barreled into him at mach speed as she turned the corner, hands jammed between her legs and black twin tails trailing behind her.

“EEehhhh!” she cried as she tumbled backwards in a desperate heap. Junichi had managed to regain his balance, and was looking down at her with curious eyes.

“Ah! Ah no! I can’t…. don’t look at meee!!!” she cried as she squeezed her legs together.

Junichi’s eyes widened as he saw a yellow-clear puddle expand out from underneath her. Even though she was peeing at full force on the floor, she was still grabbing herself as though she were trying to stop it. Her eyes were filled with tears and her face was red enough to match the maroon collar of her sailor style uniform.

This wasn’t happening. It was impossible that all of this was happening to him.

“It’s like I’ve suddenly become a magnet for girls in desperate situations! I haven’t even purposely used Wet Point to cause any of them!”

The girl on the floor looked up at him and her eyes widened.

“Junichi-kyun?”

That surprised him, considering he was certain he had never seen this person in his life before.

“H-how did you know my name?” He asked, pointing at himself like a baffled moron.

“Awww! How come Junichi-kyun doesn’t recognize me!?” the girl pouted, bringing herself to her feet and poking his chest forcefully, “You’re so cruel~!”

Junichi took a step back, “A-ah, well, I’m pretty sure we’ve never met before… besides, shouldn’t you be more concerned that you just peed yourself?”

“Fufufu!” she laughed in an exaggerated manner, “Oh, but have I actually peed myself!?”

She twirled around, revealing her skirt. It was completely dry, and the puddle on the floor had somehow disappeared.

“Ah! That’s the result of my brilliant ‘Reset Switch’! A level four ability like none other, no? You should expect nothing less from the brilliant Nakani-chan!”

This girl… what world does she live in?

“Ah! But it’s suddenly really bad if I use it for something like that! Geez, have to pee like crazy again!”

She… she’s saying such things without any shame…

“Look here, you cruel and heartless Junichi-kyuun~!” she started, poking his chest again, “You’re gonna stand right there while I pop to the toilets right quick, and when I get back, I’ll sock you so hard you won’t ever forget me again!”

At that, she jammed her hands between her legs and rushed off once again, no doubt heading for the toilets.

Had this strange girl taken “Personal Reality” to mean “living in a world not shared by anyone else”?

Junichi shook his head. Anyone willing to wait around for a stranger to come back and punch them probably had some M tendencies.

As he walked off, he tried to forget about the strange girl entirely. He had enough to worry about with Kaede already.

“Geez, as if I’d let a harem form around me so carelessly! Such things really only lead to misfortune.”

###

“AAAAHHHH! I can’t believe the nerve of that Junichi-kyun!”

The mysterious Nakani-chan had been suspected Junichi would not actually stay put like she had asked him, so instead of going to the toilets like she had planned, she had only made it halfway before remembering she had a pair of handcuffs with her.

“Ah, I thought something like, ‘I should probably make sure he can’t go anywhere while I pee”, but he already left even though I wasn’t gone that long!”

She pouted and looked around. No sign of Junichi anywhere.

“Hmm, I wonder what class he’s in… Maybe he’s got a seat by the window and I can jump in and surprise attack him while he’s taking notes!”

She placed her hand on her chin and closed her eyes before shaking her head,

“That wouldn’t work at all! Only main characters have seats by the windows! And obviously I’m the main character of this anime!”

She turned her head and frowned, “Wait… but there are a whole row of seats by the windows! There has to be some supporting roles sitting in them! Besides, this isn’t even an anime!”

She nodded to herself, satisfied, and smiled, “Luckily I brought my mountain-climbing gear! I can repel down the side of the building and-”

Suddenly, a wave of desperation hit Nakani and she doubled over.

“A-ahh! I somehow forgot that I had to pee! Toilet… toilet….”

###

Junichi stared blankly out the window next to his desk and sighed. He hadn’t paid much attention to any of his classes after lunch, but somehow it was already his last class of the day.

Man, today’s just been a weird day! I mean, at least I made progress with getting to know Kaede… but who was that weird girl? I don’t remember her, but she clearly knew who I was…”

The bell rang and snapped Junichi out of his thoughts.

“Ah, Kaede hasn’t come back to class yet… I should check up on her and-”

“Junichi-kyuun~! Let me see you grit those teeth!”

The crazy twin-tailed girl from earlier called out loudly as she smashed through the glass of the window next to Junichi’s desk (swinging on a rope and harness, no less), and decked Junichi in the face so hard he felt his lip split and the taste of iron fill his mouth. He was sent flying backwards and knocked over a few desks on his way to the floor.

Before he could open his eyes, the crazy girl, Nakani, if he recalled correctly, had managed to ditch her ropes and harness and was standing on his desk triumphantly. The students and teacher had not gotten a chance to leave yet, and were now staring wide-eyed at the unreal situation unfolding before them.

Junichi looked up at her and felt his lip, but there was no blood there anymore. In fact, it didn’t hurt at all.

He looked around and further realized that there were no shards of shattered glass on the floor.

Is this because of her “Reset Switch”?

“Fufufu! Impressed!? It’s only natural! Such a versatile ability, wouldn’t you agree!?”

“Young lady…” the teacher spoke, crossing his arms and looking very much unamused, “I’m going to have to ask you to remove yourself from the desk and answer some questions for me before you’re allowed to leave. As for the rest of you, class is dismissed.”

With a pale face, Nakani stepped down from the desk and began apologizing profusely while bowing.

Junichi got up and grabbed his bag before leaving the classroom.

Man, what a truly weird day…

###

Ah, this isn’t good!

Nakani had been asked to serve detention for a class she didn’t even have.

It’s not like I did any permanent damage! This is so unfair!

The window was fine, Junichi was fine, and she had waited patiently for the bell to ring, so it wasn’t like she disrupted the lesson or anything.

Geez, this guy’s a stickler for rules! “You’re not allowed to use your Esper abilities in such ludicrous manners” my ass! If I was a Level 5, I could get away with anything!

While Nakani’s actual knowledge of how Level 5s lived (i.e., how they were mostly subject to the same rules and regulations as any other Esper) was a bit flawed, it was true that she might actually have been able to get out of the mess she was in currently.

See, their high school had been struggling to produce many high level Espers at all, and if they could manage to produce a Level 5, it would undoubtedly help the school so much that they just might give whoever that Level 5 was special treatment.

Ah, but I have bigger things to worry about, don’t I?

Nakani currently had her hands jammed between her legs.

She still had to go.

In fact, she still hadn’t gone since she had collided with Junichi.

Well, that wasn’t entirely true.

See, “Reset Switch” worked in an easy to understand manner. Anything done by Nakani within any span of time up to an hour prior to its activation could be physically undone with a few simple calculations. In other words, while people’s memories of an event would remain, any physical consequences would be entirely reversed.

As demonstrated, if Nakani wet herself, she could physically undo her accident and wind up once again desperate to pee.

Ah, I had already wet myself twice while repelling down the roof earlier! I might wind up wetting myself again.

Unfortunately for Nakani, using Reset Switch to reverse an accident had two drawbacks. One, it did not reverse her bodily functions. In other words, while the urine wound up back in her bladder, her kidneys didn’t stop filling her bladder with new urine. Two, Reset Switch did not affect things like fatigue. In other words, constantly straining herself to hold in an increasing amount of urine was also putting a toll on her endurance. Eventually she’d get to the point that, even if she did use Reset Switch, she’d just wind up peeing again instantly.

“A-ah, Teacher I don’t know! I kinda have to pee really bad. You’ll let me go, right?”

The teacher looked up from the papers he was grading and shot her a stern look.

“I’m not going to buy a story like that. You’ll wind up running off if I let you leave the room.”

She frowned, pressing her thighs together, “Ah! I’m not kidding, though! It’ll get really bad if I can’t pee!”

The teacher didn’t respond and turned his attention back to the work he was grading.

Nakani frowned.

Ah, he won’t let me go after all! Man, this is gonna get really bad really quick!

She leaned her head on the desk in front of her and tried not to focus on how badly she needed to pee.

Man! I had so many opportunities to go before! I can’t believe I blew them off just to reach Junichi-kyun!

She opened and closed her legs in quick succession and tried to get more pressure against her crotch.

“Ah, come on, random teacher, I need to goooo!”

No response.

Wait, no! I still have that! I’ve been saving it for emergencies anyway! I can always use that!

Eagerly, she reached into her back and pulled out a large water bottle with paper towels stuffed inside. The idea is that the paper towels would dampen the sound as she peed, and the bottle was big enough that she didn’t have to worry about filling it up before she was finished.

She was one to put of going to the bathroom until the last minute anyway, so she had it with her in case she got caught on a train with no way to hold it and no bathrooms in sight.

I’ll have to be discrete about this, but the teacher I don’t know isn’t looking at me! It’ll be fine as long as I don’t hesitate!

She slipped the bottle out from under her skirt and pressed it up against her tortured pee hole. As long as she released it slowly, it wouldn’t make any noise.

She let a spurt go and the relief was instantaneous. It took all of her self-control not to relax completely and let it rush out of her in a loud torrent.

She tried not to moan in relief as she felt her urine leave her bladder and fill up the now-warm bottle. It was insanely difficult to keep the flow to a small trickle the whole time, but she had managed to control herself through the worst of it. Now that she had relieved some of the pressure in her bladder, she was able to relax a little more while still controlling herself.

She squirmed around a little bit as she peed, but other than that she tried to conceal as much of her movements as possible. It was imperative that the teacher she didn’t know didn’t find out about her actions.

She was about halfway finished when she realized she hadn’t accounted for one problem: the smell. Sure, she wasn’t making much noise, but soon that smell would waft through the room and alert the teacher in the desk in front of her to her actions.

Ah, this is bad! I have to finish and cap it before he smells it!

This thought made her lose control temporarily and a single, loud spurt escaped her. The teacher looked up over at her and she cursed silently.

“What was that?” he asked calmly.

She froze completely and stopped peeing. This was really bad.

He gave her a stern gaze and looked over at her hands, which were hidden underneath her desk.

“What are you doing over there?”

He stood up and her heart skipped a beat.

No! Don’t come over here, you’ll smell it!!

“Remove your hands from underneath your desk this instant, young lady!”

She nodded and removed her hands quickly from underneath her desk.

He nodded and looked down, “You better not be playing with your phone in detention!”

I was peeing because you wouldn’t let me go, you stupid old man!

Nakani grabbed herself and shivered involuntarily.

She had to use Reset Switch.

She couldn’t simply let go of the bottle in that state, so she had to reset her actions to before she even pulled it out on the first place.

In other words, while she was in the middle of peeing, she had essentially taken all that pee back inside her and was now on the brink of desperation once again.

It hurts! It… it hurts! I was peeing! I was relieving myself just seconds ago!

A small leak escaped into her panties and she almost instinctively used Reset Switch again, but stopped herself.

Wait, even if it’s just a small amount, I can leak a bit into my panties and leave it there until I can use the toilet!

As long as she could get to a toilet in an hour, she could undo her ever leaking in the first place, then pee into the toilet like nothing had even happened.

My panties will have to suffer temporarily, but they’ll be dry once I get to the toilet anyway!

She let a little more out into her panties and squirmed around. Stopping after she had been peeing that whole time was hard, but forcing herself to leak only a little bit just after that was even more difficult.

Ah, but even now, I’m still at the brink of wetting myself completely!

Nakani squirmed around in desperation as she jammed one hand between her legs.

“Ha… ha… please… I have to… peee!”

Once again, the teacher ignored her pleas.

“I’m so desperate! This isn’t fair! He’s not even my teacher!”

As she sat there in total agony, she felt another spurt escape.

“H-haaa!”

Ah, I’m gonna wet myself! I’m really gonna wet myself this time!

“Alright,” the teacher broke the silence, looking at his watch, “The half hour’s up. You’re dismissed.”

You’re kidding me! I hadn’t even realized I was this close to making it through detention!

Nakani lept to her feet and grabbed her bag, ready to dash to the bathroom, when she felt a long spurt escape.

“Ah, no, don’t-!”

It was too late. Her getting up quickly sealed her fate. No matter how much she tried to stop it, she could feel her bladder muscles relax and the warm pee pour out of her.

“Hhhaaaaa~!” She cried as she leaned against the desk and peed. Her legs felt weak, her whole body was shaking with relief.

She stood there, peeing for a solid minute before the flow started to trickle off.

But it wasn’t over yet. She couldn’t leave such a mess here, and she couldn’t walk home with a soaked skirt either.

With much reluctance, she used Reset Switch once more and felt all that liquid enter her bladder again.

“HAAA!” she whined, pressing her hands into her crotch tightly. Her muscles were aching with the effort of holding it in for so long, and her bladder felt like it would explode if she held it in any longer. She rushed out of the classroom and down the hall towards the bathroom, but she only made it halfway before she began leaking again.

She pressed her hand against the wall for balance and doubled over, but once again she began peeing full force with no way of stopping it.

She looked around. Luckily, there was no one in the hallway since school had let out a half hour prior.

Nakani looked down at the puddle and frowned.

In the next instant, it was gone, and she was desperate again.

“Ahhh, I can’t… it hurts!” She whined to herself as she ran to the bathroom.

She was nearly there when she felt herself lose control again.

“Ah! No! I don’t want to do this again!” She pleaded with her body. Unfortunately, she couldn’t do anything to stop the flow of urine pouring out from between her legs.

Another full accident later, and she once again was squirming around at her limit.

She only made it three steps before she started leaking again.

“Ah! No way! I’m at my absolute limit!?”

Knowing how torturous using Reset Switch again would be, Nakani pressed her hands up against her crotch so tightly her knuckles turned white and took small steps towards the woman’s toilets. She absolutely couldn’t wet herself again.

“Ha… ha… almost there!” she told herself. She took another step forwards and felt another spurt escape.

“Ha… ha… ha… haaaaa~!”

Against her will, she felt her bladder muscles relax once more and she felt the warm pee trickle down her legs. She had abused Reset Switch too much, and now her bladder muscles wouldn’t even allow her to hold it in for a few seconds before relaxing and emptying her aching bladder.

“Ah… so this really is my limit, then?”

Giving into the pressure once and for all, Nakani raised her skirt out of the way and allowed her muscles to relax completely as pee flowed out of her once more, pouring out in splatters against the hard tiled floor of the hallway as she sighed in relief.

“Ah, how embarrassing! But to finally be able to pee without worrying about being desperate again later is nice~!”

Once she finished peeing for the last time, she resigned herself to the fate of walking home with soaked panties and wet shoes. Luckily, her socks were just the right color that they didn’t look very wet and her skirt would hide her soaked panties.

She walked into one of the stalls in the women’s toilets and wiped down her legs so her accident would remain mostly hidden.

“Geez, I’ll have to chide Junichi-kyun for getting me in trouble tomorrow!”

###

“Ah, so, you were already holding it before I used Wet Point to dry off your skirt?”

Kaede blushed and nodded sheepishly. The two were sitting at an outdoor table next to a food stand and talking quietly to avoid being overheard.

Not that there was anyone to overhear them. Aside from the food vendor, who was surrounded by sizzling grills and far too busy with his work to care, there was hardly anyone else around.

Kaede was holding a box of fresh takoyaki and trying to avoid Junichi’s gaze at all costs.

“Ah, yeah…” she admitted, “It’s because of my ability…”

“Yeah,” Junichi leaned back in his chair, “You still haven’t explained that to me.”

“Well, my ability is just simple telepathy, but I have no capacity to focus or control it. I can’t even turn it off, exactly…”

“That sounds inconvenient…”

Kaede nodded, “It can cause a lot of problems for me… but I’ve found out a way to control it… mostly. See… if I experience any sort of physical stress- like pain, for instance- I can focus my powers better…”

“Ah, so that would include being desperate, then?”

“Yeah. It’s not like I like holding it or anything… but being desperate is a lot better than being in pain…”

Junichi gave her a curious look.

“So, wait… do you hold it all the time?”

Kaede averted her gaze.

“You’re not… holding it now, are you?”

“Hawawawa! What are you saying so suddenly! Of course I’m not…” she lowered her head and mumbled something.

“What was that?” Junichi asked.

“I said… I don’t have to go. That’s the problem with my power. Since it only works while I’m holding it… if I use the toilet, I have to wait to be able to focus my powers again.”

Is that why she was so interested in my ability?

“So, basically, you have an ability that you can only use when you’re desperate, and the only thing my ability’s capable of doing is making a girl desperate.”

“Ah… what… what are you implying?”

“Nothing, but I mean… technically, with me around, if you want to focus your ability, you don’t have to hold it. You can go whenever you need to, and then whenever you feel like you want to use your ability, you can ask me to fill your bladder up so you can use them, right?”

“Hmmm… I don’t know…”

“Ah, but if it’s more convenient for you to hold it so you can use your powers whenever, that’s fine too. I’ll do what I can so you don’t get caught in a bad situation, alright?”

Before Kaede could respond to Junichi, the two heard a bag fall to the floor. They looked over, and Junichi paled.

“Junichi-kyun! Who are you on a date with so suddenly!?”

A certain mysterious twin-tailed girl had arrived.

To be continued…
