Cassie and David: The Phone Call

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-11-24 00:21

CASSIE AND DAVID: THE PHONE CALL

Later that night, David, Cassie, and her cousin Katy, who was wearing denim shorts and a blue shirt, were watching TV in Cassie’s living room. Katy had needed to pee for a while, but didn’t want to miss a minute of the DVD they were watching. "Oh! I’m glad this movie is almost over, I really need to pee!" she said. David and Cassie grinned. "Better not pee yourself!" he said. Minutes later the movie ended. Katy stood up to and started for the stairs. Just as she reached the bottom of the steps, the phone rang. Katy groaned and answered it. It was her friend Wendy. David and Cassie giggled as Katy crossed her legs tightly.

"Wendy, can you hold on a minute, I need to--" started Katy, but was cut off by Wendy. Wendy then began gossiping about her date. Katy grimaced and placed her free hand on her left knee and squeezed her legs together, trying to hold her pee. Katy could only listen as Wendy droned on and on, insisting on relating every little detail. David and Cassie giggled again, as Katy uncrossed her legs and started to wriggle her knees alternately forward and back. After ten minutes, she started stepping from foot to foot pausing every few steps to press her thighs together.

Finally, she snapped at Wendy, "Listen, I’ll call-th you later-th. I really-th-have to go-th-to the bathroom-th-or I’m going-th-to pee myself. Oh!"  She slammed the phone down, and tried to walk toward the steps.

"Oh-th-Oh-I’m no-th-going to-th-make it!" David suddenly had an idea. "The wastebasket!" he shouted. He grabbed the plastic container from beside the coffee table and rushed over to Katy. "Here!" he said, removing the bag, "Sit on this!" Katy hobbled over and sat down on the basket. No sooner did her butt hit the rim than she shrieked "I’m Peeing Myself!" Cassie and David heard a loud noise as Katy’s pee splattered on the plastic. "Oh wow!" said Katy, moaning with relief. She peed and peed, the stream finally trickling to a stop.

Katy slowly stood up, revealing a large wet spot on the seat of her denim shorts. "Well at least the carpet is dry, thank to David," she said. "Just you wait, I’ll get Wendy back sometime, she’ll be sorry!" Katy added as all three laughed. The next morning Cassie’s and David’s parents returned home from their trips, but the 3 kids knew they would never forget their wet weekend.

