The Needs of the Many (MLP)

Author: Lythe

*000*2014-01-09 02:43

*Alright. I'd started this a few months back and rediscovered it yesterday. I'm resuming work on it currently. Fair warning, if the tags and title weren't enough, this is based in the MLP universe. It does involve ponies (non anthro). If this is not your thing, I fully understand and ask that you either move along or judge this based on my writing, not your own hangups. Realistically, I should probably do some serious edits, but I'll get around to that at some point... If I feel like it XD Anyways, no real omorashi in the first chapter. If there's some interest I can probably get the second one up tonight and others soonish after. Hope ya'll enjoy!*

*Edit- This was not my original idea. This was based on a concept for a roleplay that, due to my own time constraints and life changes, never got off the ground. I ended up working on this on my own afterwards.

“There are many important things about being a princess, Twilight Sparkle.” The newest Alicorn’s beloved tutor spoke, as they both sat in her bed chambers. This was one of the few locations in the castle the provided absolute privacy. Realistically, the things they currently were discussing didn’t need such a secretive place, but given the recent events, Twilight had been continually followed by nobility and common pony alike, all trying to meet their newest leader. It was flattering, sure, but also positively exhausting. She needed a break from everypony, and this was something Celestia, the eldest princess, could provide while giving Twilight a briefing on what her new job would entail.

“You are considered royalty now. Mine and my sisters little ponies are yours as well. You must care for them, cherish them as if they were your own flesh and blood. Love them like a mother loves her children, a sister loves her siblings. They are your family now, Twilight.” The Sun Alicorn looked at her student with a small smile. It was clear that she cared deeply for the younger pony, but some concern lurked in her eyes. This was a massive undertaking, an increase in responsibility that even Twilight Sparkle, one of the single most responsible ponies she knew, couldn’t really comprehend what she was getting herself into.

“You will make mistakes, Twilight. That is okay. Handle them as best you can, and never fear asking Luna, Cadence, or myself for guidance. We will always do what we can to help see you through. You will make mistakes, but you must also learn from them. Go back to the lessons you've gained through your studies, remember the magic of friendship, how important it is to everypony.”

“You will have to make tough choices, some that seem cruel initially but are far better in the long run. You must help your ponies, even if sometimes it seems like it harms them at first. We all want to eat cake all the time, but we know we have to balance it out. A healthy diet makes a healthy pony, and a healthier pony is a happier one. You must lead them, but take their advice into account. Listen to their voices, their plights that may seem so trivial compared to your own, and remember that at one point, you shared these same problems. You lead them, but you are not above them.”

The lavender alicorn simply sat and nodded, staring into the eyes of her mentor, trying to soak up as much wisdom as her utter exhaustion would allow. Celestia was no fool, and she knew how tired the other was, and how tired she would be for some time yet. Sleep did no come easy for a new princess. Break times were far and few in between. Perhaps it really was one lesson that Twilight needed.

“If you remember nothing else, Twilight Sparkle, remember this. Put the needs of others ahead of your own. You are an alicorn now. You are eternal. You may feel hunger, or thirst, but these things are inconsequential compared to how it impacts the common pony. They must come first, young princess.”

Celestia smiled again, and nodded.

“You may go to your bed now, Twilight. Rest up. Tomorrow, you will be meeting many and will have your first sessions in the courts. Be ready.”

“Thank you, Princess Celestia, and thank you for your wisdom. I’ll do my best.” Twilight said, getting to her hooves and beginning to head out the door.

“I know you will, Twilight. I know.”

It had been a big couple of days. Between the spell going wrong initially and her fixing it, to becoming a princess, so much had changed in such a small span of time. As Twilight made her way to her own room in the castle, she began to mull over her teacher’s final words. Physical discomforts must not mean anything to an alicorn, she realized. They would be just discomforts, not needs that had to be fulfilled. An alicorn could go a lifetime without drinking, and while it may not be enjoyable, they could endure.

Ponies came first.

Her ‘needs’ weren't anything of the sort, and could wait.

However, he desire for sleep was great, and she had been granted permission to enjoy it. As the newest alicorn entered her room, she removed the princess garb, curled up, and went to sleep. The next day would be her biggest yet.

She was awoken by one of the staff maids, the name of which escaped her. They helped her dress, get back into proper princess attire, and get downstairs for breakfast. She would dine on her own today, before starting the court. From what she’d been told, she’d be dealing with many likely trivial matters today, mostly consisting of introducing her to the basics of sorting out disputes between ponies. It was almost funny, she thought. These ponies would wait in lines for hours to speak with a princess, seeing them as an all knowing, almost omnipotent entity, and they would be talking to her. To Twilight Sparkle, who not a week before had been just another pony not unlike themselves.

She would solve their problems, however. If it took all day and well into the night, she would make each and every pony happier, or at least… how had Celestia put it… Healthier, for having spoken to her.

Despite having a full night’s rest, she found herself still tired, and began drinking cup after cup of coffee. She mulled over various documents she’d been handed by somepony along the way, recognizing them as policies that she supposed she needed to familiarize herself with. There’d be a lot more where these came from, Twilight knew. Even with her lifetime in the castle and her relationship with Princess Celestia, the newest alicorn had rarely bothered herself with diplomatic readings. She had a basic knowledge of their history, but had always first and foremost considered herself a scientist, not a politician.

“Thirsty this morning, princess?” One of the helpers asked, pouring her another coffee.

Twilight hardly glanced up, giving an indistinct nod. She found herself quite a bit more awake, at least.

“Her majesty has had two full pots all to herself.” The same pony remarked, although it was quite pleasantly done. When no further reaction was given, she stepped away.

When the lavender alicorn had finished breakfast, she began to make her way to the court sessions. Her first real work was about to begin! Twilight frowned as she felt her belly slosh. She really had more to drink than she probably should have, but she’d just been so darned tired… Besides, it was too late to do anything about it now. At least she wouldn't be hungry or thirsty, she supposed. Two ‘needs’ she wouldn't have to worry about putting other ponies in front of.

Upon entering the courtroom, Twilight Sparkle blinked in surprise. Celestia and Luna both had taken places right behind where the new leader presumed she was to sit. The nods of acknowledgement from the elder princesses proved this assessment correct. She gave a small smile, knowing she wouldn't be alone.

“We are with thou, dearest Twilight.” Luna murmured. “These petitioners shall be simple tasks of logic. We believe thee most capable.”

“But just in case, we’re here for you, my most faithful student.” Celestia added, before resuming her regal posture.

And so it began.

*002*2014-01-09 04:43

I'm not very into 'intense' watersports myself, so this'll probably just stay in the wettings range :3

This particular story? I think it'll likely only be about Twilight. But I'd be happy to write about the others, especially if you've got any sort of a premise. I actually do take requests, so feel free to pm me if you've got something in mind.

I'm glad someone else in interested :3 I'll probably but up another chapter later tonight, maybe sometime tomorrow.

*003*2014-01-14 01:02

One case began to bleed into the next as the day drug on. Twilight lost track of how many different ponies she’d been forced to deny seemingly ridiculous requests to. She’d then have to follow it up with a long, detailed explanation about how no, it really wasn’t relevant to the crown to have an official day dedicated to the founders of the griffon empire. No, she wouldn’t grant permission for an exemption to the fire codes on the basis of an imminent home invasion so that one pony could boobytrap his home with explosives. No, there wouldn’t be a pardon on the fine incurred for…. She didn’t even remember anymore.

Her explanations made sense, at least she hoped they did. She paused and took a long gulp from her water any time she needed a slightly longer than usual break to prepare her next statement. Overall, however, the day seemed to be going well. At least, until a familiar twinge began to make itself known.

Initially, it was ignored, like an ugly smudge on an otherwise flawless painting. Just a twinge, nothing more. The next petitioner came, made their request, and waited. Twilight had a rhythm now. Take a drink (It didn’t occur to her how strange it was the her glass never seemed to empty, a product of the many staff ponies running about), give her answer, pause for another drink, then finish her answer. The water always gave her just enough time and was such an acceptable gesture no pony could call her out on stalling, despite this being the truth.

The twinge, however, began to worsen. The small, ugly, little smudge suddenly started to become something worse. Now, it was where somepony had carelessly leaned their hooves into the painting while it was drying. It wasn’t unforgivable, perhaps, but it was noticeable even if you weren't exactly looking for it. One might not know quite was wrong, but there was a definite feeling of something being off.

The next petitioner came. Twilight started to lift her glass, and then set it back down without taking a sip. The feeling was getting uncomfortable. Highly uncomfortable. The realization that her stomach was still quite full of water didn’t help. This was a need she hadn’t anticipated arising in this setting. This wasn't a simple matter of ignoring something, nor was this in a place she could test anything. The fact was, if there was too much water inside her… It would come out eventually. The alicorn’s mind began to wander.

Could she force herself to hold everything in? Was this now a non-need, like hunger or thirst? Would it just get more and more uncomfortable over time, or would she eventually be made to submit to her body? Moreover, what about the rate? It must be significantly slower than when she was a unicorn, given how long it had taken before she’d even had a twinge of need. Sure, things were worsening, but not nearly as rapidly as the had in the past. If this body ran slower, she’d be fine, she reasoned. There’d be no way anything could happen before she got a break… Was there a break? Or did the court run morning to night? Further more… When was the last time she’d even gone to the bathroom? The more she thought about it, the more she realized she couldn't recall using one in recent memory. Was this an urge that had been building since she first became an Alicorn?

Twilight didn't know.

“Princess?”

She blinked, her attention on the pony before her.

“Well, what say you?”

Twilight hadn't been listening. She’d been too focused on her own problems. She looked backwards to Celestia and Luna, who gave almost imperceptible nods.

Twilight forced a smile. “I grant your petition, Citizen.”

She could swear she could fill her bladder filling. At least now they wouldn't want an explanation, they’d take their yes and move along. She couldn't just say yes to everypony who went through her courts though, she knew based on just this one day. Could she request a recess? Was that appropriate for the Princess to do?

No, Twilight realized, recalling Celestia's words. She had to put her subjects needs ahead of her own. As a princess, she had an eternity, but this was not so for her former peers. Hours still held meaning to them. Their life could be measured in such a small unit of time, and hers could not. Discomfort aside, she would wait until her court session finished.

So it was decided.

She could only hope her body would agree.

*006*2014-01-19 23:20

By the end of her first session, Twilight was almost beside herself. She’d forced her mind to focus on each case, but her need, or non-need or whatever it was had begun to feel unbearable. As the last petitioner filed out of the room, she stood to stretch. She refused to chew her lip in nervousness, though she wanted to. She could feel the bulge in her abdomen where her bladder sat, an angry mass of liquid trying to push itself out. She could not give in.

There had been a break. In fact, there had been multiple, three or four though she couldn’t remember which. All, however, had been full of ponies, new ponies, noble ponies, that were oh so eager to meet their new princess. They needed to meet her, they had all insisted. So she had listened.

Now, however, she began to regret that listening. She’d been forced to consume more water throughout the day given how much she spoke. Her discomfort had grown and grown, but now maybe, just maybe it’d be near the end. This very idea made her back legs try to come together, hold it all back, but she stopped them after a brief twitch. She knew she had to wait for Celestia to officially end the court. Thankfully, the eldest alicorn did so swiftly.

“Thou did most impressively, Twilight.” Luna informed her with a warm smile, stretching herself.

“Yes, Twilight. I’m we’re so proud of you.” Celestia added, giving her an affectionate nuzzle, like a mother would to her foal.

In spite of everything, Twilight beamed.

Another signal from her bladder, however, caused her smile to faulter. This wasn’t unnoticed by Celestia.

“Are you alright, Twilight?” She questioned, concern evident.

The lavender alicorn nodded, but looked away. “I’m just tired, Princess.”

“Celestia.” Celestia corrected, a smile still present but the worry still lurked in her gaze.

“Celestia.” Twilight stated with a nod.

“If you’re quite certain, Twilight.” The youngest princess nodded emphatically. “Than I will have a guard escort you back to your room. They will be instructed to keep all who intend to monopolize your attention at bay until tomorrow.”

Before Twilight could interject, the white Alicorn looked around the room, spotting a particular guard and giving a small, mischievous smile. Perhaps this could improve her distracted student’s mood.

“Flash, please take Twilight back to her room. Anyone who tries to talk to her beforehand is to be told she will be available in the morning.”

The orange stallion nodded, bowed, and then turned to Twilight. “Shall I lead the way, Princess Sparkle?” He questioned.

She gave a meek nod, her face flushed as she followed the earth pony out of the room.

Celestia had done that on purpose, she realized. With good intention, Twilight was sure, but it was the last thing the new princess really wanted. Celestia must’ve noticed the small crush Twilight had developed on the stallion, who was only slightly older than her. It’d have been inappropriate to act on, she was sure, given her status now, but he was fun to think about. Celestia’s encouragement couldn’t be a bad sign either. Under normal circumstances, say where she wasn’t afraid she might accidentally piss herself in front of him, Twilight would’ve been glad for his company.

These were not normal circumstances.

Flash Sentry tried to make small talk at first, but quickly noticed how distracted his charge seemed to be. It was unlike her based on the encounters they’d shared previously, but he supposed she must’ve had a lot on her mind. He’d asked about her first day in the court only to receive vague answers at best. As he rounded the last corner to the staircase leading to her room, her heard the familiar footsteps stop, causing the stallion to pause and turn around.

There stood his new princess, blushing furiously and biting her lip, her back legs moving together in an absolutely unmistakable motion, her forelegs trotting nervously in place. Her normally slim frame had been hidden by the gown she’d worn for court, but now it pulled aside and he could see a large bulge in her abdomen.

Flash said absolutely nothing, just stood, jaw agape, as he watched Twilight Sparkle doing a potty dance in front of him.

Tears began to form on her cheeks as she tried to get her bladder in check. Surely this wasn’t happening. She couldn’t possibly be about to lose control of herself in front of a stallion she was extremely attracted to on her first real day as a princess. It was a bad dream, any second now she’d wake up in her bed and run to her bath chambers, relieve herself and go back to sleep. The moment, however, didn’t end. Her focus was to shot for magic to help herself, and she realized she was fighting a losing battle.

Some needs were needs, even for an alicorn.

A drop escaped, and the new princess suddenly went completely still. Every muscle tensed against what she feared was about to happen.

*009*2014-01-23 04:03

Kind of debating where to go from here. I had an idea written out but in retrospect I'm not liking it too much. I might do a slight rewrite and basically offer two different endings.

