Bulk stories

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-08-18 20:33

Hello! This will be my last post before I take my leave off of this website. Here, you will find all of my last stories I'm writing. I'm sorry it has taken a while. Thank you all so much for your support and enjoy the stories!

1) A Hitman for Layla (idea from LifeIsStrange). This includes murder, so please skip this one if it's not for you.

Layla Stockton. A whore for Dexter's business, who was next on Agent 47's shit list. The past few days he had tried to get her, but everytime, he missed. He only had one idea left.

With much stealth, 47 snuck into the office that Layla stood in with her mug of tea sat on the desk. A diuretic bottle was clenched in his fist, hidden within his grasp. He slowly crept up to the desk with Layla's back turned, dripping in some diuretic once the bottle was opened. With swift movement, Agent 47 left the office, as if he was never there, waiting for his moment to strike.

30 minutes went by and his plan was all set, the exposed electrical circuits laid strategically infront of the locked bathroom, a sign stuck on it saying "OUT OF ORDER". As Agent 47 wore his guard disguise, the hat covering his eyes, Layla ran out of the office with a hand in her crotch. Her face had a look of desperation spread across it, as her eyes darted around, looking for her release. Running past 47, she muttered panicky exclamations.

"The fuckin' tea went straight to me. Fuckin' tiny bladder." She whined, doubling over on the spot, wriggling and bouncing her ass. 47 couldn't take his eyes off the sight, he even found himself feeling slightly aroused, even though she was the enemy. Despite these events, he stayed focused, waiting for the right moment.

Layla ran to the bathroom door, attempting to open the door, but to no avail. Her movement became more over the top as her bladder pushed its contents against her urethra. She marched on the spot, doubled over with her hand constantly banging on the door, the other gripping her clothed pussy.

"Come on! Open up!" Layla whined, bouncing away. 47 kept his eyes on her, making sure she doesn't leave to pee elsewhere. But so far, his plan was a success. Before long, Layla was breathing heavily, bobbing her ass up and down, letting out uncontrollable moans and "oohs" and "ahhs". Suddenly, she let out a gasp, stopping her knowing to shove her hand in her crotch and squeeze tightly. She looked behind her and laid her eyes on a disguised Agent 47, her eyes going wide as she realised what this was all about. She knew that she was probably going to die, but she didn't know his plans.

Layla was a pretzeled mess, catching the attention of other staff that walked by, her bladder pouring over the top of her shorts. With no warning, her bladder began to leak into her panties, making her march on the spot quicker than before, her pussy numb from the tight grip of her scrambling hands. Agent 47's patience grew thin, as Layla was nowhere near wetting herself. But his predictions were wrong.

"Oh fuck. I can't anymore!" Layla squealed, whipping her shorts down. Her exposed pussy exploded of pee, hissing out of her at fast pace. She moaned in relief, giggling away to herself from happiness. Layla whipped her head down, with a smile spread across her face, although it slowly fell as she saw what she was hovering over. The electrical trap that Agent 47 had set up sent shivers up her spine, sending her flying back.

Before Layla could scramble up, the piss puddle beneath her set off the trap, sending electrical shocks through her body. She screamed out in pain, attracting everyone's attention. Agent 47 took his leave, ignoring the terrified and traumatised screams of civilians in the room. No one would ever think of pissing yourself as a way to die, but after that day, people were terrified to even go to the bathroom. A lot more piss puddles were cleaned!

2) Akane's desperate meeting (my own idea!)

The student council were the most powerful in school, as well as the most responsible students. Meaning they could never be late, or miss a student council meeting or be caught misbehaving. This code of conduct made bathroom schedules very difficult, so the student council would find themselves running home with their hands in between their thighs. This time around, Akane wasn't so lucky with a "close call".

"Alright, ladies. In this meeting, we shall discuss the code of conduct of students. I notice we have been spotting a lot more misbehaviour and tragedies around campus." Megami paced around the room, speaking to the other four girls who sat on the table infront of her. Whilst Aoi, Kuroko and Shiromi were content and listening to Megami's every word, Akane found herself shuffling slightly in her seat. Her hands laid in her lap as her thighs pressed together, her hips wriggling subtly from side to side.

"Now, I know we have all seen suspicious activity from Ayano Aishi lately, but if any more students are seen misbehaving, we must keep a close eye on them." Megami laid her eyes on Akane. "Akane, are you listening?" The girl's head whipped up, her movement halting instantly.

"Hm? O-oh yes! Yes, I am listening, Megami. Please proceed." A faux smile spread across her face as Megami turned away from her, continuing to speak about behaviour in students. Akane let out a deep breath, gulping back the lump in her throat. Her pussy muscles clenched together as her legs crossed and uncrossed.

The meeting droned on and Akane found herself bouncing her ass slightly in the seat, slightly doubled over in her seat. The other members of the student council agreed and joined the conversation, but Akane found herself being quiet and unfocused, her hands slipping in between her thighs subtly. Her thoughts raced as she wondered what to do. Her bladder was about to give way but she couldn't leave the meeting, no matter what. She didn't think it could get worse...until it did.

"Oh, um, Akane? Didn't you have a presentation you wanted to show us? About club activities for open day next year?" Everyone's eyes were on her as they awaited an answer from her, making her snap up in her chair with a wild smile on her face.

"Oh! Um...yes. I can do that next session, for sure!"

"Well we still have time," Megami looked down at her wrist watch, "you could do it now?" The words sent a shockwave through Akane, making her bladder send a few drops of pee into her panties. She clenched her pussy muscles once again, her legs pretzled around one another.

"Y-yes! I can do that." Akane beamed a little too much, making everyone in the room cringe slightly.

With much difficulty, Akane stood at the front of the room, fiddling with the computer. Her back faced the other girls, bouncing slightly on the spot with her legs rubbing together. Once she found the presentation, she began her talk, although with a lot of umms in between.

"S-so we want to present the clubs as a hobby...r-rather than extra curricular as this- as this year's students seemed uninterested with the...perks that clubs seemed to bring them." Akane mumbled, leaving everyone in the room confused as to where her charisma had gone. Akane wriggled slightly, her hips moving slowly in circular motion, with her feet shuffling under her.

"Hey, Akane, are you cold? You seem kinda fidgety." Shiromi asked, a concerned look on her face. Akane swung her head up from the computer screen, her vaginal muscles relaxing slightly. The shock of the question sent a single jet of piss into the Akane's panties.

"O-oh. I'm okay!" She smiled even wider, making Shiromi wince slightly.

Eventually the meeting ended, and Akane felt relief wash over her.

"Okay, ladies, continue with your duties and then head on home at 5:30pm. See you tomorrow!" Megami chirped, everyone following with a goodbye.

Akane shuffled out of the room, her hands gripping the hem of her skirt. She waddled to the bathrooms with her legs rubbing together, but instantly stopped when she felt another jet of piss squirt into her panties, making them completely soaked. She darted her eyes around before shoving her hands into her crotch, bobbing up and down on the spot with her legs squeezing together.

She let out a few oohs and ahhs before taking off to the bathrooms, her hands attached to her pussy. Piss leaked out of her, rolling down her legs.

"No no no, I'm not gonna make it!" Akane whined, doubling over on the spot. A few students walked up the stairs, stopping on the spot at the sight of Akane.

"Hey, Akane? You okay?" Said one of the students. Akane looked up slowly, her face contorted.

"Noooo..." A hissing sound echoed around the hallways, the concerned students murmuring in pity as they watched Akane's accident unfold. The girl infront of them a crying, convulsing mess as piss rolled down her legs and splattered onto the floor. The good thing is, no one spoke about it afterwards. But Akane had to deal with wet panties for the rest of the day!

3) Bathroom bait (Idea from LifeIsStrange) Warning for sex and murder, skip this if this isn't your thing!

Infiltrating the ICA was a big task, although Agent 47 and Olivia Hall had a bigger task with Olivia's full bladder in her way. Although, with a past endeavour, Agent 47 found himself using this as bait.

As Olivia squirmed behind Agent 47, whines and quiet moans left her mouth as she bobbed up and down on the spot.

"Dude, come on! I need a pee. Can I do that first then take her out?"

"I'm using you as bait. Royce finds women's accidents attractive. Distract her with whatever you got going on and I'll take her out." Olivia gave 47 an angry look as a hand squeezed her clothed pussy, wriggling her hips around.

After she gained composure on her bladder, Olivia steppes out of the shadows, slowly walking towards the bathroom to act like a damsel in distress. She over exaggeratedly waddled to the bathroom with a hand gripping her crotch, getting the target, Imogen Royce's attention. Agent 47 gripped onto his pocket knife as he watched the two ladies enter the bathroom.

Olivia doubled over on the spot, her ass wriggling from side to side for dramatic effect. Royce watched with much focus, looking at Olivia's every move. She bobbed her ass up and down, her hands stuffed in between her thighs. A moan left Olivia's mouth, making Imogen wetter by the second. Suddenly, Olivia faux gasped, letting go of her stream, the piss cascading down her jeans. Imogen smirked as she watched Olivia's accident happen right infront of her.

"Aw, you really needed to go, didn't you, baby doll?" Imogen growled, looking Olivia up and down as she grinned her crotch against Olivia's soaked ass.

Before long, Olivia found herself sat on the sink, her exposed pussy on show with Imogen's tongue exploring it. Imogen had a finger in her own pussy, playing with herself as she enjoyed the taste of Olivia's waxed vulva. Moans escaped their mouths as pleasure over took, Olivia's embarrassment no longer consuming her.

"K-keep going!" Olivia moaned.

"Why? You enjoying yourself, baby girl?" Imogen growled, slowly massaging Olivia's vulva with her thumb pad.

Suddenly, with a slam of the door, Agent 47 marched in, slamming Imogen into the wall. The knife in his hand plunged in and out of Imogen's stomach, her body collapsing onto the floor. Olivia sat with her pussy still on show, her eyes laid on Imogen's corpse. Agent 47 looked at Olivia then her puddle on the floor, chuckling away.

"Wow, you really need to pee, huh?"

"You wanna say that with my pussy out?" Olivia laughed, pulling her jeans up and walking out with Agent 47, leaving Imogen to bleed out.

I'm sorry that this was a short series of stories, although I hope you enjoyed nonetheless! I may make a grand return sometime in the future although I'm not so sure. I don't think I find my passion in story writing to be here, so it may not be story writing I come back for.

Anyways, I really hope you all have a great day. I'll see you on the flip side! 💖

