The Senior Skip Day? - Page 2

Author: Ishigreensa

*025*2011-12-12 02:12

Chapter Seven

Heidi was back on the bus again after the last part of the program, no one else seemed to have any problems during the last part of it. The bus now approached the hotel they would be staying at, and Mr. Strictland started breaking the students into groups of four to share rooms with. Heidi and Sabrina were placed with the two juniors in diapers.

Sabrina looked around at their room as they were allowed in with Mr. Strictland in tow. He had decided to drop them off last, and though there was a boy in the group who had to be put with three boys that had not embarrassed themselves, he had decided to let him be but he wanted to talk to the diapered young ladies.

“You girls,” Mr. Strictland started on them. “You need to be up front with me right now, or it could make things more difficult for you tomorrow, but if I know some personal information, it might make your day easier tomorrow.”

“What do you mean?” one of the juniors asked him.

“I mean, do any of you young ladies have bedwetting issues, or can I expect any one of you to be wet in during the bus ride home?”

The girls all looked from one to the other wondering why they should be questioned about something so infantile as bedwetting, but then they did all of them have an accident in her pants during the concert. Heidi looked up at him with shiny eyes.

“I’m sure that we were all just nervous under some stress because of the strange place and the strange rules. I don’t think any of us will wet the bed or wet on the bus on the way home.”

“Are you sure?” he raised an eyebrow and looked from girl to girl.

“Well, actually,” one of the juniors breathed heavily as she stepped forward. “I sometimes have accidents at night because my bladder isn’t completely developed according to the doctor.”

“Fair enough, so if you wet the bed tonight, it will not mean anything about tomorrow. Anyone else want to fess up now, or be held accountable in the morning if you are wet?”

The girls looked from one to another and satisfied, Mr. Strictland then had the girls sit on their beds around him while he explained what would happen for the night.

“As you four had wet your pants today, you will all wear the diaper, and in the morning, you must show me the diaper before you take it off. If you don’t or if it’s wet, with the exception of Susan here, you will be required to wear a diaper on the bus. The reason Susan will not be required to wear one if she wets, is she already told me she has night time accidents, so actually, if you are telling the truth, I expect to see your diaper soaked in the morning.”

The young ladies looked from him to each other and they sighed. He departed the room, and then the other junior who shared the room with Susan, Heidi, and Sabrina approached Susan with a smirk on her face.

“Are you serious? You really do pee the bed at night?”

Susan’s head looked down at her lap in shame.

“So what if she does,” Heidi spoke up. “If you are not going to offer support, then leave her alone. It was hard enough for her to admit it in front of us.”

Susan looked up at Heidi with grateful tearful eyes.

“Let’s get ready for bed,” Sabrina sighed as she removed her skirt showing the pink diaper she had on. Heidi did likewise and now all four girls were standing there in diapers.

“You should sleep on the floor,” the other junior told Susan. “No one wants you to wet on her if your diaper leaks.”

“That’s ridiculous,” Heidi told the other junior. If you are so worried about her diaper leaking, then sleep with Sabrina and I’ll sleep with Susan. It’s not like the bed isn’t big enough to keep away from her if you were really that worried about her wetting herself.”

“Yeah, and incase you forgot, you were wet today too, or you wouldn’t even be in this room with us, so get off of your high horse. Heidi, I think I should sleep with her.”

“Why?”

“Because, I—I’m more likely to have an accident than you are, and I… I… think it’s better.”

“What makes you say that?”

“I was scared to tell Mr. Strictland, but it hasn’t happened in a long while now, but I sometimes used to wet the bed too.”

“Well, you don’t anymore, do you?”

“I don’t honestly think you can say that because it’s only been about three months since my last accident, and the medicine I take sometimes hits or misses, and I don’t even have it with me today.”

“Okay, you two share one bed, and don’t worry if either of you wet, or the other doesn’t, okay? You are both in the same boat, and if this junior thinks she’s going to around school making fun of you, she’ll find something quite different to deal with. I promise.”

Soon, the four girls were their respective beds, and the long day coupled with the comfortable beds lulled them right to sleep.

In another room, Laura, Lillie, Robyn, and Cassie, a junior, were in one room, and for the first time, Laura was about to pull down her pants in front of another girl. She blushed a bit as she slipped the pants down and revealed a dry pink diaper. She looked from roommate to roommate waiting to see what was to come from it, but no one said a word. They simply looked.

“Okay, well, Mr. Strictland knows I have a kidney problem, so I’ve been in a diaper all day,” she admitted to them.

“I knew it,” Robyn whispered. “There is no way anyone could have waited as long as you did. And when we saw the wetness on your bottom at dinner, that was because your diaper had leaked?”

“Yeah.”

“Don’t worry, no one here is interested in ruining your social life,” Lillie smiled at her. Even the junior will not say anything if she knows what is good for her.”

Laura smiled at them all and climbed into a bed.

“You will sleep with Laura,” Robyn told the younger girl. “If you put up any fuss, we’ll force you to have accidents at school so you will feel humiliated, so I suggest you don’t.”

“I’m not,” Cassie said her brown hair hanging over her face to cover up her uncomfortable-looking face. “But why am I the one that has to sleep with her?”

“Because you are younger than us, so it’s more likely you’ll pee your pants than it is for one of us, and since Laura has trouble with her kidneys, she’ll probably wet the bed by accident.”

Cassie nodded knowing that that was likely, but she hadn’t wet her bed since she could remember. She didn’t want anyone to think she was a bed-wetter.

Soon, the hotel rooms were all quiet, five girls and one boy in a diaper, and the other students in regular clothes, were all sleeping.

Sabrina felt the junior girl move in her sleep towards her and the gesture made her smile despite the chances that the other girl might wet enough to leak through her diaper and get some on her. She just pulled the year younger girl towards her, and put a comforting arm around her and drifted back to sleep.

Morning came very quickly, and Heidi woke quietly and moved off towards the bathroom before the others awoke. She could feel her pussy tingling with the pleasurable but urgent pressure to pee. She walked into the bathroom and started to try to untape the diaper to pee in the toilet. She realized as she pulled the diaper apart, that she wouldn’t be able to put it back together right because the tape was tearing the diaper, but at least she was able to pee. Mr. Strictland would just have to understand, and she’d show him the dry diaper, but when she finished, she was going to get a bath and put on some regular big girl panties since the thing was ruined.

Outside the bathroom, in the two beds, three girls slept on without notice of the waking world. Susan didn’t realize anything as strong orange pee sprayed past her lips and into the pink diaper that quickly changed colors to reveal it was getting wet. She didn’t let up in her stream at all even once it started, and the forceful peeing caused the diaper to flood so much, that some of the pee started to find the leg holes and leaked down them starting to dampen the bed next to Sabrina.

Not more than a few minutes after Sabrina’s legs felt the damp familiar moisture that they were used to, then did she also start to pee in her diaper until it was starting to bulge out. Her pee was more unsure of itself, and only peed in spurts as though trying to keep watch and make sure it wasn’t caught escaping into the dark place that should have been soft cotton panties after so many months dry, but instead was the mix of plastic and padded filling of a diaper. This very unusual material did give the pee a bit more confidence, and as the girl slept on without realizing it, the pee soon filled it up.

The other junior, now starting to wake, noticed that Heidi was missing and the bathroom door was closed. She crossed her legs and walked slowly to the bathroom door.

“Excuse me, how long will you be in there?” she called through the door. “I have to pee kind of bad out here.”

“Okay, just a minute and after I get the soap out of my hair, I’ll open the door for you,” Heidi responded through the shower. She kicked herself wondering why she didn’t just leave it unlocked, after all, they were all girls in the room.

The junior grasped her privates hard through the diaper trying to keep it dry. The noises of her dancing around and then calling out to see when the toilet would be available caused Susan and Sabrina to stir.

The two girls, already wet and sure that Mr. Strictland would be much crueler to them if they removed their diapers before he checked, just laid there in the bed. They looked at each other, both ashamed as the younger girl realized she had leaked out of her diaper, and Sabrina knowing as soon as she stood up, the others would see that despite three months of being dry, she had wet the bed again.

“Please hurry,” the other junior called through the door. “I’m going to wet the diaper, and then Mr. Strictland will think I wet he bed and kill me for lying about it.”

“I’m trying to. Just hold on another minute,” Heidi said as she grabbed for a towel to dry her eyes so she could see to go unlock the door.

Sabrina smiled towards the other junior, kind of glad to see that she was in trouble for the way she was treating Susan the night before, but also kind of sorry for her that she was in that situation.

Finally, the door opened, and the junior ran past Heidi to the toilet. Heidi went back to her shower while the other junior used the toilet without bothering to close the door. When she realized that pulling the diaper apart possibly meant not being able to fix it again, she sighed thinking that there must be something she could do to convince the strict teacher that she had not just disobeyed him and removed it. Maybe she could get it to fit around her still, held up by a pair of panties or something. That’s what she decided to try as she came out of the bathroom and search through her clothes.

Heidi came out of the bathroom putting the dry diaper on the bed where she slept in open sight so that Mr. Strictland could see it was dry. Then she put on some clean panties.

“Why don’t you do the same since you peed in the toilet and ruined the diaper you had on?” Heidi asked the girl. “It’ll feel a lot better to be cleaned up after what happened yesterday, and he’ll know you didn’t wet if you show the diaper open on the bed.”

“He told us not to take them off though, and to be wearing them when he came in. You might get in more trouble for taking the diaper completely off.”

“But what can he really do to me? He can see I didn’t use it or wet the bed.”

Sabrina sat up, keeping the blankets over her.

“Aren’t you going to use the bathroom?” Heidi asked her in a whisper.

“No, I already did it in the diaper.”

“Oh, no. And you told him you didn’t have accidents last night. He’s going to punish you, you know.”

“I know.”

“You should have told him that you pee the bed,” the other junior told Sabrina.

“No, she shouldn’t,” Heidi told the other girl. “You don’t know anything about it, so shut up and stay out of this. Sabrina, maybe I can talk to him for you. You have been doing really good lately, right?”

Sabrina nodded. “It’s been three months since my last accident in my sleep.”

“If we tell him that, he might reconsider punishing you.”

Susan hugged her bunk mate and whispered to her. “Or you can just remove the diaper and tell him you went in the night, and couldn’t get the thing back on right, and then I wet the bed and got it on you. It’s true that I leaked when I wet.”

“No, it’s better to tell the truth,” Sabrina shook her head. She had had enough experience knowing that lying, especially to Mr. Strictland was a much worse idea than facing whatever he had in mind as punishment for her having an accident in her sleep.

Just as the girls were discussing what to do, he opened their door and walked in without knocking. “Heidi, where is your diaper?”

“It’s on the bed over there.”

“It’s dry. Why did you take it off?”

“I had to pee badly this morning and though that since I didn’t wet the bed, you wouldn’t be too angry if I just took a shower and changed into some clean panties.”

“Come here, then,” he called her. “Your bedding is dry?”

“Yes, sir, it is.”

“Go get some pants on.”

He then approached the other girl that was up, the other junior. He noticed she had put some panties on over the diaper to try to keep it together.

“So you managed to stay dry too?”

She nodded.

“Go get a shower and then put on some clean panties and some pants.”

The girl nodded and gathered some clean clothes to take to the bathroom.

“Okay, I know Susan is probably wet, so it’s your turn young lady. Get up and let me see.”

“Sir?” Heidi tried to smooth the ice before he looked at what had happened.

“What is it?”

“Sabrina and I’ve been friends for a long time, and she used to wet the bed all the time….”

“Are you trying to tell me something that to make it easier for her?” he asked her his eyebrow raised in his usual questioning fashion.

“Well, yes sir. You see, she takes medicine, and she normally doesn’t wet anymore, but still, with all the stress and stuff, well, can’t you just cut her some slack this time because she normally doesn’t wet the bed.”

“Then you know she’s wet?”

“Yeah, she told me.”

“Get out of bed, Sabrina.”

Sabrina complied with her head hung.

“Well, since you are in a wet diaper, there is only one answer for that.”

Sabrina and Heidi both watched him carefully to see what he would do about it.

“Since you still do not have complete control over your body, and the trip back to school is still a few hours away even with smooth traffic, I want you to wear a diaper on the bus. You and Susan both will wear one, but as long as you don’t make it a big deal, no one else will know you are in one. As for the other two girls, I will not make you wear a diaper, but if you chose to wear panties, and then you pee yourself, you will be in more trouble.”

Within the next couple of hours, the high school students were soon on the bus and ready to go back to the school. This is the end of the Senior Trip, but I may be using the same characters in another situation very soon.

