Have Story, Need Input Before Posting

Author: Earth Shock

*000*2015-01-24 07:37

I have written up an ok length story that I plan on making a lot more for. My question is, would anyone be interested in hearing it? The reason I ask is because of the following.

It's unfinished, I only have five or so chapters done, and the chapters are decent length, but no masterpiece, probably about the size of a long post, not book length or anything.

It started as an RP on World of Warcraft, but the partner stopped all RP one day and wanted no more to do with it, but the story was interesting to me, so I decided to continue it.

Because it's Warcraft based, I am not sure how it would be for people who are unfamiliar with it, some references and such will probably go over non-fans heads, I can try to include maybe a list of what super important things are (Like "Dalaran = Mage City" for example).

My partner was really in to diapers, so almost all of it is wetting diapers, they were also in to demonic corruption, which was a major factor, so it kind of needs to stay in the story (It doesn't make the characters evil, but they get wings and stuff like that).

It's part of a larger story. While omo plays a huge part in it, it isn't exclusively that, it's also about an adventure of close friends and stuff like that.

All characters that are part of the omo parts are female, there is no male omo at all. It should be noted, there is lesbian love (Hugging, kissing, sleeping together), but no sex scenes (We thought that kind of took away from the omo parts).

There are more then 2 characters, there is 3, most likely 4. Two are lovers, the others are really close friends that share the fetish and travel together.

There is no messing at all in any form, so sorry if you are in to that kind of thing.

Some chapters are not omo heavy, while others are.

It's been slow, don't expect extra chapters every week or something (Granted I have several done already).

Would anyone be interested in it at all? I don't want to post it if nobody is interested.

*004*2015-01-26 04:28

{{:

Doesn't rule 34 have a converse, stating that for anything you make porn of, there'll be someone who is into it? If it's on-topic and not against site rules, post it for that person.

}}

Yeah, but that doesn't mean anyone on this board specifically wanted it (Though seeing as it's an omo board, chances are good). I'll clean it up tonight and post the first part tomorrow. The first part doesn't actually have much omo (One scene), but it gets heavier after that.

