The Riddler's Oversight

Author: Birdschach

*000*2015-03-28 02:56

Author's Note: This was a surprise gift for my lovely fiancee, Harley Quinn, incorporating one of her favorite Batman villains from Animated Series, and sudden wetting from a hit to the abdomen. I hope you like it!

Edward Nygma, now known as the Riddler, was working on his ultimate plan. While his henchmen were busy destroying all traces of his former identity after the Batman had revealed his identity, he was preparing a virtual reality to ensnare Batman. Sure, he was no match for the bat in a physical fight, but a battle of wits, in virtual reality? Why, then the Riddler would surely be the victor! Once he had completed development on his virtual reality, he sent a computer with a hard-line connection to his hideout to the police headquarters, sure that Batman would investigate, before becoming trapped within the virtual prison. All that was left to do now was wait, while his plan unfolds and his goons destroy all records of Edward Nygma.

While he waited, Eddie had found great pleasure in designing new traps and games, now that he had no physical limitations. The only thing greater than solving a puzzle, he felt, was to create new ones. Ones that there was no way anyone could solve, not even the Batman! Trap after trap, game after game all came to him, and he was building up quite a repertoire of schemes and ideas, just in case the Batman slipped away this time and needed to be challenged again.

~

After finishing up another great scheme, Eddie checked the time. What...that can't be! He thought, as he saw nearly 12 hours had passed while he was in the virtual world. He had neglected to program in any notification systems, or methods of disturbing him, as he wanted nothing to interrupt his work. But he soon realized this might have been a terrible oversight, as he would surely be half-starved and exhausted in the real world by this point. He quickly mimed taking off his helmet, bringing him back to the real world.

Suddenly, he felt very real feelings once more. He felt how exhausted he was, his empty stomach growling, his parched throat, and finally, worst of all, his full and swollen bladder. He felt a sharp pain as he turned his chair, hoping that he could make it to the bathroom before he lost control. But, just as he finished his turn and prepared to stand, he caught sight of movement in the shadows. None other than the Batman stepped out into the dim light of the computer monitors, and his eye slits narrowed as he said “It looks like you've finally joined the real world once more, Nygma.”

“Batman! Wha...how? How could you have found me?” Eddie said, a sharp shot of pain from his abdomen causing his voice to break towards the end of his query.

Attributing the break in his voice to shock, Batman answered “Easy, Nygma, on examination of the computer you sent to police headquarters, I saw the hard-line connected to it. It was a simple matter of tracking the source of the data after that, leading me here. Now, it's time for you to give it up and come with me to Arkham. So far you haven't done much wrong, a short stint in Arkham could set you back on the right path!”

“Wrong, Batman! The only right path for me is the path of vengeance! All I wanted was to get back at Mockridge for firing me, it was a personal matter that you interfered in!” The Riddler shouted, his anger and fear lending him greater control over his bladder as he stood.

“Attempted murder is never personal, Nygma.” Batman said, preparing for an attack from Edward. Though he knew he was outmatched, and should definitely not attempt to fight in his current state, Eddie charged at the bat in a rage, attempting to hit him with his cane. Of course, Batman easily parried the blow, and followed up with a swift punch to Eddie's abdomen. Instantly, all fight drained from Eddie, as the sudden strike jolted him from his rage. Along with his rage, his control vanished as well, and the shock and pain was too much for his strained bladder. Reeling from the blow, he collapsed against his desk, holding himself up with his elbow, as he felt his warm piss flowing out of him, he heard the loud hiss as it ran down his leg, drenching his pant leg and splattering on his shoes and the floor. For a moment, all he could feel was relief as it washed over him. But soon, what had happened dawned on him, and he looked up to see the Batman shocked into speechlessness.

“Uhhm...sorry.” Eddie said. “I lost track of how long I was in there, and not even my great mind could overcome my bladder. Especially with you hitting me so suddenly! I know you'll be taking me to Arkham now, but you don't suppose I could clean myself up a bit first, do you?”

Feeling incredibly guilty, as Batman had only meant to subdue him, never cause this much trouble, he said “Of course, Nygma. I know how the others in Arkham would react, and it certainly wouldn't help you. I'll let you get cleaned up. I had a bad day once too, you know.” Batman escorted Eddie to his bathroom, allowing him to clean himself up, but standing outside of the door in an attempt to keep him from getting away. But as Edward shut the door behind him, he smirked, already coming up with a plan to escape.

