Ollie & His Life... Wet, I supposed (Part I)

Author: Guest OllietheBollie

*000*2013-04-26 14:05

Chapter 1

The monstrous-looking creature is chasing me. At first glance, it looks like a normal breed of wolf. But as the inspection goes further on, it seems to have red-glowing eyes, with an enormous size of estimately 2.1 meters (6.8 ft.) tall. I keep on running, afraid that looking back would cause me to be caught my the creature. Unfortunately, as in many nightmares I had, I trip on a path of gravel. My legs are frozen, as I sit there crying, knowing the death has come.

I woke up, breathing heavily. There's snot all over my nose, with stains of tears around my eyes. It was a dream, at least that's what I thought. I then hear a creek of door opening, which led my Mom to my room. Yes, I'm still only 7 years old, but I have my own room already. What a practice for social life later on. "Hey, you better get ready. I'll prepare some clothes for you, Ollie. Go brush your teeth and have a shower, alright?". 

I nod, as a sign of approve. Mom walks out of the room, to prepare my school uniform, pieces of clothing that I don't prefer too much. It is a green shirt with green-red plaid collar, pairing with a pair of plaid shorts. I sit up, as of getting ready for shower. I then see, at the side of my eyes, a black spot on the bed. What is it? Sweat? No, that's almost impossible for an air-conditioned room. I don't even have sweat on my body. Did I spill the water on my bed last night? I remembered not. But that can only be one thing... I bow down to smell the puddle of liquid. It smells bad, like pee...

Chapter 2

Pee? But, I have no memory of peeing in my dream... That's when I remembered tripping and sitting down crying. That's probably when I released my bladder, without noticing a thing. Adrenaline was probably pumping back then. A creek of door opening was heard again. I automatically put my blankets over the puddle, hiding it from Mom. "Why haven't you change yet? I thought I sent you to shower?" She asked with a mix of frustration and curiousness, knowing that I'm obedient to her, as always. "N-Nothing, that's Ok, I'll dress on my own, you can go, er- " I was lost for words. That was probably the time Mom noticed somethign weird.

Since I usually don't act this weird. "What is it? What's the matter? You don't usually act like this, do you?" Mom asked with the same emotions. "And fold up that blanket, too." She quickly grabbed the blanket from my hands, revealing a semi-huge spot on the bed. Her eyebrows raised up, as a sign of "Ohh...". "Well somebody wet his bed here, right?" She asked, questioning me. I remain silent, smart enough to not argue. Mom sighs, before saying "Accidents happen, just go brush your teeth and I'll take care of the sheets." I quickly go to the bathroom, locking the door to brush my teeth as the same time as showering. Out of nowhere, I start sobbing silently, with toothbrush in my mouth. It sounded like some kind of a duck or something, with sound stuck in my throat.

Gladly, the shower covered my sobbing, so Mom couldn't hear it. I turn off the shower, coming out of the bathroom. I wrap myself with a towel. My nose and almost the whole face is red, and judging from my Mom's look, she probably knew that I was crying in the bathroom. "Oh, honey. It's not that big of a deal." She comforts me, knowing I'm a heck of a sensitive child. "C'mon, let's dress you up. The school bus's coming in 3 to 5 minutes, so we better hurry." I realized there wasn't enough time for breakfast. Screw breakfast anyways... Gladly, I grabbed my backpack in time when the school bus came. She sent me to the front door.

Before I leave, she talks to me, not too loud, but maybe a person could hear it. "I'll wash your wet sheets for you, don't worry." Plus, a kiss in my forehead. I run up the school bus, hoping non of my friends, or bullies could hear that. As always, I sit next to my best friend. at least at that time, Mike. "Almost late, huh?" He asked me teasingly. "Yeah... Not too good of a day today." I replied with smooth emotions. "What? Because of the "Wet sheets"?" He smiled when he said the word. At least he whispered when he said "Wet sheets". "You heard that!?" I replied, whispering. "Yep, right in my ears." I sighed. Hoping that he won't mock me about it. "Just don't tease me about it, alright..." I say in a deep-toned almost begging voice. "Haha, of course. Everyone wets their bed once in a while." That sentenced cheered me up. For now...

What will be waiting for him in school? What will happen next? Next time in "Ollie & His life... Wet, I supposed (Part II)"!

Happy reading!

*002*2013-04-28 06:13

Hey, thanks Kirito. I appreciate your advice. I'll post a new remake of this one anyways, haha.

*003*2013-04-28 10:08

I'll learn from my mistakes this time, heh.

