Summer job desperation

Author: doctorwhat

*000*2016-02-02 02:05

This is an almost true story, but with the ending the way I like to imagine it ;) Basically, the desperation is all true (and I'm pretty sure my friend did notice), but I didn't actually pee my pants. [names are changed, and the writing kinda sucks because I wrote it up pretty fast, so sorry]

I had a summer job at a sleep-away camp, and it was my day off so I headed to a nearby town for our day off. It was a pretty normal day. I wasn't drinking a ton, and went to the bathroom a couple times. Around 8pm I got pretty thirsty (I'd hardly had anything to drink with dinner) and finished off pretty much my entire water bottle in about 30 mins. We got in the car at about 9pm to head back. I had to pee a bit, but we were only about 40 mins away so I figured it wouldn't be a problem.

Two of my friends were chatting in the front seat, and I was in the back with my friend Taylor. We were both pretty tired since it had been a long day, so we weren't talking much. After about 10 mins of being in the car I was starting to feel like I needed to pee, but I was still pretty sure I could hold it. After all, 30 mins isn't a long time.

The water went through me really fast though, and when we had about 20 mins left I was starting to get nervous. I had my legs crossed and was fidgeting a bit, but trying to be subtle so Taylor wouldn't notice. I stared at the clock on the dashboard, willing time to go faster so I could get home and use the bathroom.

With about 10 mins to go, I was getting pretty desperate. I was bouncing my knees and squeezing my legs together. I could tell Taylor knew what was going on, but she didn't say anything. I looked out the window hoping to see a gas station so I could ask to stop, but we were too far from the town, and the camp was in the middle of nowhere, so there was nowhere to stop.

I managed to hold on for the rest of the car ride, but by the time we got there, I was holding myself almost constantly and squirming in my seat. I got out of the car and leaned against the side, my legs crossed tightly, trying to stay still so the others wouldn't notice. It was dark, so no one noticed.

The two friends who had been in the front seat started to walk away from the car when Taylor said, "oh I forgot something in the back seat. You two can head up, and I'll walk back with him." I knew she hadn't actually left anything in the car and was just making sure I didn't have to walk up with them (so they didn't know how badly I had to pee), and I was grateful.

I stood there with both hands between my legs while the other two walked away. Once they were far enough, Taylor said, "do you think you can walk alright?" I told her I wasn't sure, but I'd try, and we started walking towards the nearest staff bathroom.

I had to walk with quick, short steps and keep my hand between my legs, but I thought I was doing okay. I was starting to think I might actually make it to the bathroom. Suddenly, a wave of desperation hit me and I bent over and grabbed myself. A spurt came out and I couldn't stop it for a couple of seconds, leaving a wet patch I could feel on my jeans.

"Are you okay?" Taylor asked, noticing I had stopped.

"I peed myself a bit," I said, embarrassed. "But I've got it under control. Let's keep going."

We were getting pretty close to the staff bathroom when the next spurt escaped. I had a bit of trouble getting it under control again, and I could feel the wetness had spread down my thighs. I still hoped I might be able to make it to the bathroom before I wet myself completely.

I could see the door to the bathroom when it started coming out again. I stopped walking, holding myself and squirming desperately trying to get it under control. It trickled out slowly between my fingers without stopping, getting faster and faster until I was peeing uncontrollably full force into my jeans. I could hear the hiss, and I knew Taylor could hear it too.

Taylor ended up grabbing an extra pair of jeans for me from my room, and I showered in the staff bathroom, but it was a really embarrassing experience.

