Ladies Who Peed Under Their Skirts - Page 2

Author: Keita123

*026*2019-04-28 16:05

The Pope was desperate.

Today had been a busy day for her. She had to lead a long morning prayer until noon, then she had to go to lunch with the local lord, and after that, she had to go make her speech right away.

She had no time whatsoever to go to the privy. She was already in need when she participated in the lunch event. She squirmed all the way through it on her seat.

Sure, she could probably tell her need to her attendants and get a pee break, but she was the Pope for the gods' sake. She couldn't just ask, "Can I please go to the potty?" like a little girl. She couldn't excuse herself at the lunch party either. It would be even more humiliating for her to ask to be excused in front of the lord.

And so, she now had to do her speech with a bursting bladder. She had no idea how she would make it through. Even without her stuttering her lines due to how bad her need was, she would still be there standing in the podium for about an hour.

In the end, I would have to use that method again... Oh gods forgive me...

The method she was talking about? Letting out little spurts into her tightfitting brown pants over and over until her need became manageable.

It's shameful to admit, but she had been doing it even before she became the Pope. Toilet usage amongst female priestesses was almost like a taboo. Many times in long prayers and rituals she ended up releasing the contents of her bladder right then and there. Thank the gods there was a little grate hole in the ritual room (as the ritual often involves water). She could kneel or stand over it, pretend to pray there, and then slowly and gently release her water. Only a little trickling noise was heard.

As she took the podium, she glanced downwards. Good, the usual thick dark blue carpet was there. For some reason, she kept finding the same carpet everywhere she went. She heard her head attendant made sure that the same carpet was used. She thanked her for it, as the carpet was really good at absorbing all sorts of liquid without a noticeable trace, including her urine.

Indeed, she had peed many times in many places, and she hid it using the carpet.

She began her speech. She talked about how grateful she was to be there before she began her sermon. It was something about the wonder of the gods, and how they mortals should be more grateful to their blessings.

And inside her heart, she gave a prayer of thanks to the Goddess of Propriety that she could hide her wetting once again.

It was slow at first. Her sphincter was well-trained to hold long hours. First, it was just a spurt, turning her pure white frilly panties wet as well as the crotch of her pants. Then, another, making the wet spot expand to all directions. Then, another one, and this time, a trickle fell down to the carpet.

And then she stopped. If she did it all in one release, the sound would be noticeable, and the carpet wouldn't be able to absorb all the liquid properly, leaving a noticeable puddle under her.

And so, just like that, she spurted and leaked as she gave her sermon. No one could ever imagine that the Pope stood there with wet pants relieving herself little by little as she talked so passionately about the gods. A couple of times she had to pause as she peed too much, nearly turning her spurts into an actual uncontrollable wetting.

Once she finished one hour later, her brown pants were absolutely soaked. There was a large wet spot coming out from her crotch to her butt and thighs. It would be obvious that she had wet herself if anyone looked closely enough.

Thankfully, her skirt covered them well enough.

She left the podium with a smile, hearing all the clapping from the audience. Her head attendant was waiting for her, and with her own proud smile, she said, "That was a great speech, Your Holiness."

"Thank you, Alara," she replied. "So, after this, I guess we could take a rest?"

"Umm, about that..." Her expression suddenly turned apologetic. "We... have a little change of schedule. We have to go to St. Moria right away."

"The orphanage?" the Pope replied.

"Indeed. Lord Baeur invited you to a dinner party so we have to go there now."

"I see... Well, let's depart right away then," she replied with a smile.

Inside however, she was getting nervous. Kids tend to be quite mischievous, and if any of them lifted her skirt, they would see that their Pope had wet herself. And they would definitely shout it right away.

O-oh gods... please... don't humiliate your humble servant...

*028*2019-05-03 18:37

Selena was a student in the Magic Academy, majoring in alchemy and magic crafting. She was in her last year, writing her thesis on The Unification of Mana and Its Applications on Quantum Theumaturgy. She was one of the top students, not because she really wanted to but just because of her natural curiosity and talent.

And now she was spending her afternoon researching magic tomes for her thesis in the Academy's library. The place was impossibly large, as it was enhanced to be larger on the inside. To travel it all would take a student hours of walking. Fitting as it was the most complete magic library in the entire nation

Unfortunately, its size had some... unexpected side effects to the students. Other than the obvious tiredness and time wasted on walking, there was also a matter of the more... private nature.

Bathroom breaks.

There was not a single bathroom inside the library. Students would have to go outside to the nearest toilet to relieve themselves.

Naturally, this led to a lot of desperate rushes, and since there were a lot of students, and there were only one bathroom, that single bathroom always had lines of students in them, especially in the female one.

Thus, students usually relieved themselves first before going into the library.

Not Selena however. Instead, she did the opposite. She came to the library always with a decently full bladder. She would drink an entire canteen of water beforehand.

And so as she walked around, gathering the books she needed, she would subtly squirm around in need. Everytime she reached upwards for a book, she would press her other hand to the front of her dress. And everytime she kneeled to take a book, she would press her heel to her crotch.

It took her 30 minutes to find all the books she needed, and at that point, her desperation had increased even more. As she sat on her chair, her legs were pressed tightly against themselves. Her breath was slightly labored as she started reading and taking her notes.

An ordinary girl would've ran to the bathroom at her state.

She continued her studies for another half hour, her fidgeting and squirming getting worse and worse to the point that the girl in front of her across the large table gave her an annoyed look as she was making too much noise on her seat. She paused her squirming, but then she put her left hand on her crotch to compensate.

Oh, how she enjoyed this feeling so much. She could feel the pressure just begging to be released from her small little hole. It was almost intoxicating.

It wasn't always like this. She only had this weird habit after having to hold her pee through lectures and her visits to this library.

Not to mention the fact that somehow her brain could absorb information better when she was desperate. So now every lecture she attended and every study session in the library, she would come with a bladder in need of release.

But there was also another aspect of it that she enjoyed.

She sharply inhaled as a spurt of pee escaped. It was time. She had to go. Now.

She rose up from her chair, immediately making a beeline to the toilet. But she was at the furthest section of the library, and it would take around 15 minutes to get to the front entrance, even longer if her walk was slow.

She calmly walked step by step with her throbbing bladder, a large book hold in front of her dress as a precaution. Every step was torture. But she just had to bear it. Bear it, bear it, bear it. Bear it like a good girl until she reached that porcelain throne.

Pssh...

She tensed and froze as another spurt escaped. Amber gold darkened her white panties. She was glad that the maids employed to wash the students' clothes never asked any questions.

At this rate, I might not make it... I would wet myself... in front of all these people... even though I'm a senior...

Instead of frowning like a normal girl would do in her situation, she smiled.

This was another aspect of desperation that she enjoyed. The very real and exciting chance for a public accident.

She had always been a model student ever since forever. And it was starting to bore her. She wanted more excitement in her life.

And this... this was certainly very exciting indeed.

She continued her walk, stiff as a board. A couple more spurts escaped before she could reach the entrance. However, she couldn't leave yet. The book she carried had to be checked out yet.

Thankfully, there was no one else on the librarian's desk.

The librarian was a young male, about the same age as her. He was busy reading his book when she approached him.

"Excuse me, I would like to check out this book please..."

She patiently waited as he entered her book to his record, even though she was so terribly desperate to pee. She pressed her thighs together, crossed her legs, bent her body forward, had her hands pressed into her crotch, but she didn't beg for him to hurry. Even as she leaked a three-second spurt, with trails of urine trickling down her pantyhose down her thighs, she didn't say anything. She only let out a gasp as she tried to regain control of her sphincter.

It was enough however to alert the librarian. And immediately, he realized that the girl in front of him needed a wee. Badly.

He had seen it many times before. Girls needing to pee as they left the library. He could tell immediately just by their body language.

And it turned him on. Badly.

He quickly moved forward on his seat to hide his crotch under his desk. He would lose this cozy job if it were ever found out that he was ogling girls on it.

He gave glances to Serena. He took in her delicious desperate, writhing form. He even made it so that he took his time checking out her book.

Another spurt escaped. It caused glistening lines of wetness to appear down her inner thighs. A couple drops of pee fell down to the carpet below.

"Done. Just sign here and you can be on your way."

She released one hand from her crotch and used it to sign the book. He noticed how said hand was glistening a little and how where she put her hand on the book was now a couple drops darker. The pen she used was also a little wet.

He smelled the pen. Sure enough, it had a slight scent of pee.

Well, he was keeping that pen for sure.

Serena then left. There was now a noticeable wet patch on the front of her dress, which she immediately covered by her book.

The last show the librarian got was the glistening he noticed on her pantyhose as she left.

Serena was now in critical danger of wetting herself.

Her legs, hands, even her entire body, was shaking.

She knew she was just moments away of wetting herself.

The toilet was thankfully quite close. However, when she arrived there, she found that there was a line already.

Just as she had expected.

She took her place in the line. At this point, she almost felt lightheaded at the intense need she was feeling.

Bear it. Bear it. Bear it. Good girls don't wet themselves. Good girls don't wet themselves. Good girls don't wet themselves.

She chanted that mantra over and over in her mind as she squirmed and writhed in place, pressing her book down her stomach and crotch. She kept her expression normal but the other girls in line gave her symphatetic looks, knowing she was the most desperate person there.

Except for the girl standing beside her in a separate line, writhing and squirming as well.

Serena's attention was immediately drawn to her and her exposed legs. She saw how drops of pee would occasionally fall down inbetween said legs.

She's just as desperate as I am...

The two accidentally made eye contact. The other girl gave her a knowing smile.

The two waited in panted breaths. Sweat dampened their outfit and skin. Serena was doing her own spurting. Her pantyhose was getting wetter and wetter and a tiny puddle was forming under her.

And then, it was finally her turn.

She immediately rushed inside, locked the door, and put her butt on the throne.

The floodgates immediately released and she let out a loud, orgasmic moan as she emptied her bladder right through her panties and pantyhose. Her urine splashed loudly into the toilet water as well.

Soon after, the stall beside her did the same. It was enough to drive the rest of the desperate girls crazy.

This was like heaven to her.

It was the closest she ever got to wetting herself and it all paid off. It was like she was having the longest orgasm in her entire life.

She stayed there quite long, as she had to clean her wet panties and pantyhose with toilet paper, to the ire of the girl banging at her toilet door.

Once finished, she left the stall with a wide relieved smile.

Hmm, before I return, how about a short trip to the cafeteria for another large bottle of water?

Before she could do so however...

"Hey you... you like holding, don't you?"

It was the girl from before. She stood there with her arms crossed and a smirk on her face. Serena noticed her white skirt was damp and yellowed slightly at the front.

"If you do, why don't you join our club?" Her smirk turned into a grin.

*032*2019-06-08 20:46

Ah, gotta pee, gotta pee...

Mmm, this is pretty bad... I'm going to explode if I don't go soon...

Imagine... Clarissa Siegfried... so close to having an accident like this...

She just had finished her last lecture for the day. She went through the entire thing with her legs crossed tightly on her seat as her bladder nagged her to go to the bathroom. Thankfully, crossing your legs was not a breach of etiquette for a Lady. And as a Lady of the famed Siegfried noble house, she had to pay attention to such things.

Holding your waters intentionally however was a different matter entirely.

She hadn't gone to the restroom ever since lunch. And she purposefully drank too many cups of tea to make sure her future desperation would happen.

She looked at her friends exiting the classroom. Immediately she could tell that some of them were making a beeline for the nearest privy.

I believe I shall join them... But not to relieve myself... It is still too early for that...

She hastened her gait to catch up to them. And just as she suspected, there was already a line in the nearest female toilet.

Lines were really common in the female toilets, she examined. Thanks to how girls tend to have weaker yet more active bladders, they had to make frequent trips to the privy.

She stood in the line with the others, giving a quick crotch grab through her skirt. The girl beside her gave her a symphatetic smile as she squirmed in place. Comrades in need indeed.

Ah, I guess I should give a little desperate squirmy show.

The line soon moved, and Clarissa now stood right in the front of her line's cubicle. To her surroundings' concern, she was starting to do a pee dance on the spot, gyrating her shapely hips and butt while bending over, one hand buried inside her crotch. The other? Knocking on the door.

"Please hurry up in there!" she pleaded, her feet seemingly running in place.

This wasn't a new sight for her classmates. Many times they had seen her running to the lavatory after class.

Ironically, it made her become more popular amongst the lower class students, as it showed how the supposedly unapproachable high noble lady was just a girl like them with her own bladder needs.

Suddenly, the noble girl gasped, looking downwards as her thighs pressed strongly together and her hands fisted over her skirt.

A small trickle could be seen climbing down her milky thighs, barely noticeable over the already existing sweat drops.

"A-are you alright?" the girl beside her looked at her with worry, putting her hand on her shoulder. She and the others knew the noble girl most likely had just leaked.

"I-I'm fine... I-I'm just--"

She was interrupted by her stall opening. The girl inside barely got out before Clarissa stormed in and closed the door before locking in.

And then, she let out the most exaggerated relieved sigh she could muster as she sat on the toilet seat, loud enough for the people outside to make it. However, she only let out a couple of spurts into the toilet through her damp panties before she flushed and cleaned herself up with the toilet paper available.

Not yet. I can still hold.

Indeed, her struggle to hold had (mostly) been exaggerated. Even her little leak was an intentional move. She enjoyed putting on a show, as odd as that might sound.

She left the stall with a fake relieved smile on her face. Her slightly tense gait was the only sign of her full bladder.

The other girls smiled in relief as well. They thought Clarissa was going to have an accident right then and there.

Yet another close call... she must have a small bladder... poor her...

Such were the thoughts of most of the girls there.

Now, I just need to do the same for every other toilet in the academy.

And so she went around, releasing only a little bit of pee at every toilet, giving a show for any girls who had to wait in line with her.

And it just so happened that the library toilet was the last.

At that point, she was honestly, genuinely bursting. The little spurts she had done could not compensate against her kidney's pumps.

And there, she met with Serena, another recruit to her little pee holding club.
