Taking Over the Family Business

Author: SashaButters

*000*2015-02-08 07:11

A whining sound in the distance caught the young teenagers attention as she headed home from soccer practice. Intrigued, the black haired girl stopped walking and strained her ears as she tried to gauge the direction it was coming from. The crying grew louder and more pitiful with each passing second. It sounded as if a small child in the park was either lost or hurt, so 13 year old Karin Kurosaki decided to investigate.

"What's wrong, kid?" Karin asked in her gruff manner, as she spotted the culprit hunched over in a ball inside a plastic tube with her back turned to her.

"Mommy. I can't find my mommy." The young girl cried as she turned to face Karin, revealing the chain protruding from her chest. Oh great another spirit Karin thought. This must be the girl who was on the news last night; the one who got hit by a car while crossing the street with her mom. Karin sighed, she wasn't sure how she could explain this one. While her mom was in critical condition, she was still alive. The only way they could be re-united, as far as Karin was concerned, was for her mother to pass as well.

"How about you come out and I'll help you look for her." Karin offered as she stretched out her hand towards the sobbing dead girl. The young girl, who looked to be about six years old, shook her head sending her brown twin-tails swaying across her back.

"There's too many people out there." the girl whimpered.

"What people?" Karin asked, since the park was deserted except for the two of them.

"All the people behind you." The girl said quietly with an ominous feel. Karin slowly turned her head and fell over in shock. Behind her stood about a dozen or so spirits, each having a Chain of Fate protruding from their chests.

"Help us." They moaned in unison as they slowly began surrounding Karin, slowly causing her to back into the plastic tube with the girl. "Help us, we're lost." they continued.

"And so very hungry." A low growl behind Karin said sending shivers up her back as she turned to see the young girl with the pig tails standing with what looked to be some sort of lure sticking out of her head. The red plastic tube that they had been hiding inside was gone as Karin sat on the ground trembling in fear. Directly behind the girl was a large pair of glowing red eyes inside a white skull covered face. A face no matter how many times she tried, Karen could not forget. The Grand Fisher.

Karin let out a scream right before she felt a pair of hands shaking her awake.

"Karin. Karin, wake up. You're having another nightmare." Yuzu said in concern as she shook her fraternal twin sister awake. Karin jumped too a sitting position as she gasped for air. A dream she told herself as she tried to get her bearings together. It was only a dream. Karin wiped the sweat off her forehead with her pajama sleeve. She was covered in sweat from the top of her head, down her face and chest. Also the legs of her pajama bottoms which stuck to her legs from the moisture.

"I'm okay, Yuzu." she finally answered as her brown haired twin searched her face worriedly.

"Scoot over." Yuzu said as she slid her way into Karin's bed. "I'll stay with you the rest of the night."

"Yuzu, that's really not necessary." Karin tried to say, but was immediately shot down by her sister who flashed her a look as if to say "this isn't open for discussion." Yuzu lifted the covers and slid under them as Karin rolled her eyes, but begrudgingly scooted over as to make room.

"Karin." Yuzu said after a second. "Did you wet the bed?"

"No, I did not wet the bed! " she nearly shouted as her cheeks grew red at the mere thought.

"Are you sure? Because your sheets are really, umm, wet." Yuzu said as she pulled the blankets back, revealing the large wet patch under the two girls in the glow of their night light.

"That's, that's not possible." Karin said staring dumbfounded at the crotch of her obviously soaked pajama pants.

"Oh, Karin, it's okay." Yuzu said as she wrapped her arms around her sister who still showed no more emotion than a look of utter confusion and disbelief. "Why don't you take a quick shower and I'll take care of your bedding?"

"Uh, sure." Karin quickly stood up and pulled off her wet clothes before wrapping a towel around herself and headed for the bathroom as she fought against the tears starting to form in her eyes. I will not cry, I will not cry she kept chanting to herself over and over. I must not show any weakness.

While Karin showered, Yuzu collected the wet pajamas, sheets, and blankets and headed for the laundry room. Her thoughts full of worry for her twin sister. This was so unlike her, it was usually she that was prone to accidents not the other way around. Yuzu couldn't remember a single time after the age of 5 that Karin had ever wet the bed. She on the other hand, she didn't even want to recall all the accidents she's had over the years.

"I wonder what's been bothering her lately." she said to herself as she thought of how jumpy she's been lately. This was not normally like her usual cool and composed sister. "This is the third time this month I've had to wake her from a nightmare as well." she thought as she turned on the washing machine.

"AHH!!!" She heard her sister yell from their shared bathroom. Oops, oh yeah, she's taking a shower and I started the washing machine. Dummy, she thought to herself as she bumped her head with her fist. I'm sure I'll get an earful once Karin comes back.

"Geez, Yuzu, what's the big idea." Karin said as her skin shown bright red from the scalding hot water as she slowly attempted to put new pajamas on.

"Sorry, Karin." Yuzu said apologetically, but also glad it seemed to have snapped her sister from her depressing silence. "Your bedding won't be done until tomorrow, so looks like we'll be sleeping in my bed the rest of the night." Karin nodded while stiffing a yawn as she climbed in after her sister, too tired to put up much of a fight.

"Thanks, Yuzu." Karin said after a few minutes of silence.

"You can tell me what's bothering you." Yuzu said, hoping her sister would open up to her. "You've been acting really strange lately; I'm worried about you."

"It's nothing." Karin finally answered after a minute of silence. Both girls knew that was a big, fat lie, but Karen didn't want to burden her family with it. The truth was, ever sense their big brother Ichigo lost his soul reaper powers, the number of spirits that sought out Karin had skyrocketed over the last year and a half. It was too over whelming for the 13 year old to take.

Karin couldn't imagine not being able to see them, as she had for as long as she could remember, but never this many. And it wasn't just the sheer volume alone that drove Karin up the wall, before she could ignore them just fine, but now it seemed she could feel what they felt. Their fear, and their sorrow weighed heavily on the young girls shoulders. She didn't know what to make of these new complicated emotions that mixed with her own pubescent worries. She wished she could talk to Ichigo, but she didn't want trouble him with her problems. He's been so moody and depressed ever since. Karin figured if he could handle on his own back then; so could she! Maybe she'd pay a visit to Urahara's shop after school and tell him his "ghost repellant" wasn't working.

Karin was doing poorly in school due to lack of sleep from all the late night interruptions from them, and Jinta was hounding her on her lack of effort on the soccer field. If this kept up, she'd loose her position as captain and MVP on her soccer team and there was no way she would ever give Jinta that satisfaction of taking it way from her.

"If you ever want to talk, I'm here." Yuzu whispered as she stroked Karin's head as she watched her sister fall into another restless sleep.

*001*2015-03-21 21:42

Karin Kurosaki's eyes fluttered open as she realized two things. Firstly, she was not in her own bed, as she promptly became aware of her twin sisters arms wrapped around her. Secondly, of the ghostly apparition of a man hovering only a few inches from her face.

"Hey, can you see me?" The ghost asked as it waved a hand in front of her face. Ugh, this is so not what I wanted to deal with first thing in the morning Karin thought. Or ever for that matter. Instead of answering, Karin tried to pretend he wasn't there and closed her eyes as she tried to fall back asleep. "Hey, don't ignore me! I know you can see me!" the ghost man answered growing frustrated.

"Leave me alone." Karin mumbled in response, but the ghost wouldn't listen as it stayed by her side the rest of the morning. Karin was growing more and more irritated, whether it being her feelings or the ghosts, she wasn't sure. All she knew was that something needed to be done. After an entire morning full of "Don't ignore me's" and "Please help me's" Karin couldn't take anymore.

"Are you okay, honey?" Ishhin Kurosaki asked his daughter as he took notice of the dark circles under her eyes that had been steadily growing more and more pronounced over the last couple months. "Karin? Karin?" He said as he shook her gently after getting no response.

"What?" She snapped after jumping a bit at the sudden touch.

"I asked you if you were feeling okay. You don't look so good."

"I'm fine." Karin answered curtly. Why couldn't everyone just leave her alone? All she wanted was some damn peace and quiet.

"Look, don't get angry, but Yuzu told me what happened last night." He said, gently placing a hand on her shoulder.

"What? Yuzu!" Karin nearly shouted as she began to feel her blood boil.

"Don't be angry." Ishin said. "We're just worried about you. You haven't been your usual self lately."

"I'm fine! Just leave me alone!" Karin shouted behind her as she grabbed her school bag and stormed out the door. Instead of heading towards the school, Karin made a beeline for Urahara's shop picking up two more spirits along the way. "Mr. Urahara!" Karin yelled while knocking on the door, ignoring the closed sign. Karin's knocking turned into banging as the spirits frustration at being ignored flowed into her.

"What do you want, Kurosaki? Can't you see we're closed." Jinta sneered.

"Open the God damn door, Jinta, or I swear I'll kick you in the nuts so hard you'll have dick breath for a week!" Karin yelled, unaware of the spirits hold on her.

"Jeez, what's with the attitude? Did somebody start their period today?" the red headed boy said enjoying the effect his words had on her.

"That's it, I'm breaking the fucking door down!"

"Children, please, can we not do this so early?" Urahara asked as he came out from the back room while rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. "Karin, what brings you by so early? And who are all your friends?" he asked pointing the end of his cane towards the three spirits."

"I'll tell you what brings me by, your fucking ghost repellant isn't working!" Karin yelled as the temple in her forehead began throbbing. "Everywhere I go these sons of bitches follow me! To bed, to school, even the damn bathroom! Weren't you some kind of science genius back in the soul society?"

"Of course it's not going to work, it's just water." he said with an amused smile, paying Karin's attitude no mind as he opened the door to let her in.

"What?! Why the hell did you give me water?" Karin said as she started swinging.

"Because, I wanted to see if you were truly drawing pluses or if it was just your imagination." he said with a smile as he easily blocked Karin's punches with a single finger. "Haven't you ever heard of the placebo effect?"

"So you used me as a science experiment?!" she yelled back as Urahara quickly stepped behind her and held her arms behind her back.

"Don't feel bad, Karin." an older black haired girl said "He kinda uses everyone as a science experiment, remember what he did to Rukia."

"Uruyu, I thought we agreed we wouldn't talk about that anymore." Kisuke Uruhara said as he waved it off as if putting Rukia's life in danger in order to hide the hogyoku inside her was no big deal. "Don't worry, Karin. You're safe inside the property, there's a barrier over the place that spirits can't cross. See?" he said pointing to the spirits that were awkwardly wondering around out front.

"Whose nuts do I have to kick in to get one of those over my house?" Karin asked.

"There will be no nut kicking, at least not mine anyway." Uruhara said. "Shielding you in a barrier isn't going to solve your problems. You have a strong spiritual presence that's attracting every plus and hollow to you in a ten mile radius."

"Well then how do I turn it off? It's having other unwanted side effects." Karin mumbled as she remembered the events of the previous night.

"Like your emotions?" Urahara said as it wasn't hard to notice Karin's unusual behavior. Instead of fully explaining, Karin simply nodded. "Are you opposed to missing school for the day?" he asked and then beamed when Karin shook her head. "Excellent, come down stairs, I'm sure you'll feel better once you get out all that pent up anger." he said as he guided her down to his secret training room while continuing to keep her arms behind her back.

"Like it?" Uruyu giggled as she watched Karin's facial expression change from rage to amazement once Uruhara turned on the light.

"Has this been down here the entire time?" Karin asked in wonder as her eyes took in the cavern.

"Yep, this is where we turned Ichigo into a hall-I mean- into a shinigami." Urahara said with a laugh. "How are you at Ken-do?" he asked as he picked up two bamboo swords and handed them to each girl.

"I'm okay." Karin said with a shrug as she accepted the wooden sword. "Sometimes the ken-do club has me fill in if someone's sick on a tournament day.

"Great! Defend yourself." He said as he nodded towards Uruyu who charged after Karin, nearly snapping both swords in half from the force of her blows.

"Hey, Uruyu, watch it, are you trying to kill me?" Karin asked as she barley moved aside in time to see Uruyus sword connect with the wall sending large chunks of rock flying. "We haven't even put on protective armor."

"None of that silly stuff here!" Urahara said with a laugh as he watched Uruyu chase Karin around the underground room with a stick. "C'mon, Karin, fight back!"

"Call her off! Call her off!" Karin yelled in response as she dove away from another strike that left a hole in the ground where she was standing just a second before. "What if she hits me?"

"Good point. I'll give Oriheme a call just in case!" He said as he pulled a cell phone out from his robes and called Ichigo's red headed classmate with healing powers. "Karin! Try to tap into your spiritual powers. Try to feel Uruyu's next move."

"What spiritual powers?" Karin shouted as she parred blows with Uruyu that sent a jolt through Karin that nearly dislocated her shoulder.

"This might help." Urahara said as he struck Karin in the back of her head with the bottom of his cane. Karin's spiritual body came tumbling out as her lifeless physical body collapsed to the ground. "Pay attention!" He yelled as the young girl watched as her body fall to the ground that momentarily took her attention away from the bamboo wielding Uruyu.

"What did you do to me?" Karin yelled as she ducked and grabbed the makeshift sword from her physical body's hand and noticed it now felt ten times as heavy. "It's just a bamboo stick! Why did it become so heavy?"

"Your spiritual body isn't used to picking up objects like your physical body can. Don't focus on the weight, focus on your senses!" Uraharha said as she picked up Karin's physical body and moved it out of harms way. Karin suddenly noticed she could feel the others presence in the room quite strongly without seeing them. She somehow knew Urahara was moving behind her to the right while Uruyu was making a beeline towards her to her left. It was as if Uruyu had slowed down considerably and Karin could tell exactly where she would strike. If she could somehow pick up her sword and move it in time and swing 90 degrees to her left she could land a hit. Karin struggled to lift her sword, but she couldn't do it.

"Don't try to rely on physical strength, you need to rely on your spiritual pressure to move objects." Uruhara called out. "It's like using sheer willpower. Channel all your pent up emotions into your body!" Karin took a deep breath and instead of focusing on moving her arms she thought about these last few months and the toll it had taken on her. She could feel the frustration and anger welling up inside her again. Karin felt a sort inner strength collecting inside her as she focused on it and swung with all her might as Uruyu charged. All was silent as a loud Thrwack sound filled the air as Karin's sword connected to Uruyu's ribcage.

"There you go!" Urahara praised. Karin smiled until she felt herself suddenly growing weak. The scenery before her eyes began fading in and out as Karin kneeled down until everything was completely dark. "Karin!" she faintly heard before she lost consciousness.

__________________________________________________________________________________

Karin slowly opened her eyes and looked around. She was lying on a futon covered in a blanket in a room she didn't recognize. She looked down at herself and no longer saw the Chain of Fate protruding from her chest which meant she was back into her physical body.

"Karin! I'm so glad you're awake!" A familiar voice called to her. She turned her head and saw the smiling redhead leaning against the wall a few feet away.

"Oriheme. What happened?" Karin asked as she tried to sit up but found herself to weak.

"Mr. Urahara said you used a bit too much spiritual pressure and passed out." Oriheme explained.

"Just from swinging a sword? I didn't realize I was so weak."

"That's not all you did." Oriheme explained. "You sent Uruyu flying a good 20 feet and broke half her ribcage."

"What? Is she okay?"

"I'm fine, Oriheme fixed me up good as new." A new voice answered as the black haired girl entered the room. "That was some hit. I didn't know you had that much spiritual pressure in you. Mr. Urhahara would like to speak to you when you're feeling better." She said before exiting and sliding the door closed behind her.

"So?" Karin mumbled to Oriheme. "It's not that impressive. I saw my brother take down a hallow with one swing of his sword like it was nothing."

"That's because Ichigo was a shinigami and was using a Zanpakutō, not a bamboo stick." Mr. Urahara replied as he opened the door and closed it behind him. "He also had absorbed all of Rukia's spiritual energy as well if you're referring to that one night. Normal humans can't do what you did which brings me to what we need to talk about."

"Talk about what?" Karin asked as she sat up and leaned against the wall for support.

"How we are going to deal with all the spirits following you. Oriheme talked to Yuzu while you were out and said you've been out of it for a while. She said you're not sleeping, doing poorly in school, and even Jinta has been complaining about your performance on the soccer team. The anger and the frustration you've been feeling is not your own. It's the spirits anger at you ignoring them."

"What else am I supposed to do? It's not like I can help them." Karin complained and swore under her breath.

"What if I told you you can help them pass on? Would you be interested in learning how?" Uruhara asked while grinning.

"What do I have to do?" Karin asked eager to make this go away.

"You're going to perform consoles." Urahara said.

"I thought only shinigami could do that." Karin said as she noticed Urahara with a twinkle in his eyes.

"I think you're ready to take over the family business. What do you say to becoming a shinigami, Karin?" Urahara asked grinning from ear to ear at his new test subject/ student.

*003*2015-04-15 05:55

Karin mindlessly dribbled her soccer ball in her backyard behind the family owned clinic. It was her favorite thing to do when she had something on her mind. She had managed to sneak home about an hour ago without her dad knowing she was home and immediately made a beeline for her soccer equipment out back. She ran the ball a few feet before faking a kick, spinning around an imaginary opponent and making the shot in the net a few feet away.

“Goal!” she heard someone shout before turning around and seeing her dad leaning against the back of the clinic still wearing his lab coat. How long had he been standing there watching her? More importantly though; how could she explain not being in school right now? “Hey, pass me the ball.” he said coming toward her. Karin hesitated a moment before lightly kicking it over to him. “Alright, I got this.” Ishin said as he backed a few feet away before charging at the ball and kicking. Karin stood and watched as the ball sailed through the air completely missing the net by a mile.

“Nice.” she said sarcastically as she ran to retrieve the ball and bring it back.

“Ok, how about you try to get it past me. If you can make a goal, I won’t ground you for skipping school.”

“Deal.” Karin said before effortlessly zipping past him and making it in. Ishin stood silently for a moment scratching the back of his head before smiling.

“Guess you’ve gotten a little better since we used to play back here together. Remember when we used to practice back when you first wanted to join the soccer team?”

“Wasn’t I like five then?” she snorted as she bounced the ball a few times on her knees.

“Time sure has gone by fast.” he said into the air. “What’s been up with you lately?” he finally asked as he tried, and failed, to steal the ball away.

“Nothing.” Karin said a little too quickly to be believable. “I’m fine, just a little stressed out. You wouldn’t understand.” Her father, as far as she was concerned, couldn’t sense a spirit a mile away. How could she tell him about everything? She doubted he even knew about Ichigo, let alone what a shinigami even was. He’d probably think it was some kind of food or soccer position.

“How about I make one more deal with you? If you can make a goal from right here,” he said drawing a line in the dirt with a stick. “You don’t have to talk about it, but if you miss, you and I need to sit down for a bit over a cup of tea. Deal?” Karin stared at him a little dumbfounded. From right there? He was making it so easy it was like he didn’t want to talk to her at all!

“So if I make the shot you’ll leave me alone? Piece of cake.” she said placing the ball behind the line and kicking it. Karin watched wordlessly at what should have been a perfect shot. Instead of entering the net, the ball froze mid air halfway and dropped to the ground.

“So what do you like in your tea?” Karin heard come from behind her. She spun around to demand a do-over and froze. It took a full minute for her brain to comprehend what she was seeing. Her father stood there, not in a lab coat, but in full soul reaper uniform.

“Wha? How? When? What!?” she stuttered out looking him up and down in complete bewilderment. Was this really her father?

“I understand more than you think, Karin.” he said as he picked up his gagia and re-entered it. “Gah, that part always gives me the creeps. Feels so weird. At least you have a real body being half-human and all.”

“Wait, what? Half human? Real body?” She said starting to feel completely overwhelmed.

“Come inside and we’ll talk; we’ve got about an hour before your sister gets home. From what i’ve heard, you’ve got a big decision to make.” Once the two were inside and sitting down at the table, Karin wordlessly stared into her cup of tea watching the steam rise.

“Who are you?” Karin finally managed to ask.

“Former captain of the 10th division and former head of the Shiba clan.” he said taking a sip from his cup.

“10th division? Isn’t that kid Toshiro the captain now?”

“Haha, yes!” he said laughing at Hitsugaya being referred to as a child. “He was my third seat at the time. Great kid. Did all my paperwork for me.” Karin rolled her eyes. Leave it to her father to pass all his work on others.

“Okay, so you’re a shinigami?”

“Yep.”

“And you can see spirits.”

“Yep.”

“Then why have you been making me go through this!” Karin nearly shouted while white knuckling her cup. “Why have you been letting me be hounded by spirits day in and day out?”

“Then why didn’t you just ask for help?” Ishin asked.

“Well if I had known you could have actually done something about it! What’s the big idea anyway, keeping all this a secret for so long?”

“There wasn’t really a reason to tell you, not to mention I lost my powers a long time ago. It wasn’t until recently that they came back.” Karin rubbed her face with her hands. What was with her family?

“So can you make them go away? All the spirits?”

“Well, I was pretty good at kido back in my prime. I can make a few charms to put around the house, but the rest is up to you. Unless you learn to properly control your spiritual powers, this will probably affect you the rest of your life. Who knows what else could happen. Before Toshiro was found, he was slowly killing his grandmother in his sleep by accidentally dropping the temperature to freezing.” Karin quickly thought of Yuzu. Could this possibly affect her as well? She was already causing the people she cared about to worry, something she swore she’d never do, but to actually hurt them. She’d never be able to live with herself.

“What about Yuzu? How come she isn’t experiencing things as well?”

“Yuzu takes more after her mother while you and Ichigo take after me. Yuzu still can’t even kill spiders on her own, can you really imagine her going up against a hollow?”

“Good point. So say I went along with this, what happens next? I thought turning humans into soul reapers was some big taboo.” Karin said taking a sip of her tea.

“You’re not entirely human. Giving a human soul reaper powers is taboo, but you already have those powers inside of you. We will simply be awakening them. Kiske will fill you in on what to do once you’re ready.” Karin imagined Mr. Urahara strapping her to a table and running experiments on her. “Don’t worry, Orihime can always put you back together afterwards.” This did little lift her spirits. All went quiet between the two of them as they heard the front door open.

“Karin! Where were you today?” Yuzu scolded setting her book bag down.

“Sorry, I was at Urahara’s shop this morning and then I-” Karin tried to think of an excuse.

“She came home afterwards because she wasn’t feeling well.” Ishin finished for her.

“You don’t look very good.” Yuzu agreed. “Maybe you should go lie down for a bit and I’ll call you when dinners ready.” Karin rolled her eyes but decided to follow her advice. A nap did sound great actually.

She got up and headed for her bedroom only stopping for some spare sheets from the cupboard. When she got to her shared room she noticed her bed was already made for her. She immediately fell onto her bed face first mulling things over in her mind. What was Urahara going to do to her? Was she willing to go through the same things her brother was. It would be pretty awesome to have powers though.

“hrmmphh mphhh” Karin heard. She quickly looked around thinking it was another spirit but was relieved when she didn’t see anything. “mphhh!” she heard again as she realized it was coming from underneath her. She sat up a little and reached underneath her and pulled out her sisters stuffed lion.

“Ugh, what is this stupid thing doing in my bed?” she said holding it away from her.

“Hey, who are you calling stupid?” The stuffed lion said.

“What the hell!?” Karin shouted dropping the stuffed toy. She backed up to the wall as she watched the stuffed toy get up and brush itself off.

“So I hear you’ll be taking over for Ichigo.” The stuffed lion said as it paced around. “So it looks like my services will be needed once again!”

“What are you? Why can you talk?” Karin asked ready to kick it across the room at a moments notice.

“I’m a mod soul; the name’s Kon.” It said puffing out it’s chest. “I’d look after Ichigo’s body while he went and killed hollows.”

“You’ve been alive this whole time?” Karen asked.

“Yep!” Kon said happily until he was met with Karins foot. “Ooof!”

“You…little...furry...perverted...bastard!” she said in between stomps. “Why didn’t you say anything before! I-I’ve changed in front of you!”

“I’m not a lolicon.” Kon moaned while twitching on the ground. “But you’re all grown up now! Hehe green panties.” he said looking up Karins skirt while earning him another kick to the face.

“I’ve had a long day. Go back to Ichigo if you were so important to him.” She said lying back down.

“Aww c’mon. Ichigo’s no fun since he lost his powers. All he does is mope around. I want some action and adventure! Like the good old days”

“Well you’re not getting it from me right now, i’m going to sleep you weird talking stuffed animal.” She said turning her back towards it.

“Can’t I stay? I’ll keep an eye on you while you sleep.”

“What? No! Pervert.” Karin moaned back.

“I meant i’ll wake you up if you start having another nightmare. That is unless you want to wet the bed again.”

“Fine.” Karin mumbled hiding her blush. Kon happily jumped up on the bed and leaned against Karins back. Ahh I finally get to be around a woman again! Kon thought.

###

An hour and a half later Yuzu finished putting the finishing touches on dinner.

“There all done.” Yuzu said cheerfully as she scooped the stew into four separate bowls and placed them on the table. “Now I’ll go wake Karin and see if she up to eating.” Yuzu then hung up her apron and made her way up the stairs to the room they shared. She grabbed the door knob but quickly let go as a powerful shock went through her. “Ouch!” she said shaking her hand.

“What’s wrong?” Ishin asked coming out of his room.

“Oh it’s nothing, I just got shocked by the door.” Yuzu said as she wrapped the bottom of her shirt over the door knob before trying again just in case.

“Woah!” she exclaimed walking into her room. The air felt so weird in here.

“Yuzu, your hair!” he giggled pointing her to the mirror over their dresser. She walked over and gasped at all her hair that was standing on end. It looked like someone had rubbed a balloon all up and down her head.

“Come here, dad. The rooms full of electricity!”

“Weird.” he said walking in and noticing the difference. “Hehe, look at your sisters hair!” he said pointing to the sleeping girl in the bed whose hair resembled the characters off Dragon Ball Z. Ishin walked over to Karin about to place a hand on the girls shoulder but was stopped by the talking stuffed lion.

“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.” Kon whispered so only Ishin could hear him.

“Why not?” Ishin asked ignoring the warning and touching his daughter. “Arghh!!” He shouted as he was electrocuted and thrown back from the force of the shock.

“That’s why not.” Kon said shaking his stuffed head. “She’s probably going to wield an electric type Zanpakuto.

“After dinner she’s going straight to Urahara’s.” he moaned before passing out.

*005*2015-04-29 06:51

“What are you all staring at?” Karin snapped as she awoke to find her dad and sister in her room staring at her. “And, Yuzu, what happened to your hair?”

“My hair? You should look in the mirror; yours is worse than mine.” Yuzu said while covering her head in an attempt to flatten her brown hair. Karin slowly sat up and stretched. She tried to remember what she had been dreaming about but she couldn’t recall. Whatever it was she had felt more at peace during that time than she had in a long while. She wanted nothing more to hop back in bed and return to that place in the wooded forest. Yes! That was it. She had been dreaming she was in a forest and there was some kind of animal there with her.

Karin tried to focus on that feeling of security she felt there, but quickly lost her train of thought as she glanced at herself in the mirror. For a split second she swore her eyes were bright yellow, but when she blinked in surprise they were back to their usual brown color. Her normally short black hair was sticking straight up in the air as if someone worked in all of Ichigo’s hair gel into it. She grimaced at her reflection. When had she gotten such dark circles under her eyes? She tried in vain to flatten her hair but it all just sprang back up. That’s when she noticed her dad in the corner.

“What happened to you?” she asked as he tried to cover the growing lump on the back of his head.

“Ah, well, remember what we talked about earlier about Hitsugaya? I think it would be best to take you to Urahara’s sooner rather than later.” Isshin tried to explain as he put on a pair of rubber gloves. “Come to daddy, sweetie.” he motioned with his hands while his voice cracked in fear of getting shocked again.

“Dad, seriously?” Karen asked while rolling her eyes. “If you want me to go over there fine, but I can walk.” The moment she strode past, the light bulb inside the lamp on top of the desk hummed to life. She stopped for a moment to stare at it as she noticed the switch was in the off position. The closer she got to it the brighter it shone until it began buzzing loudly. Isshin quickly pulled his daughter away as the bulb inside exploded sending bits of glass all over the room.

“This is what I was talking about.” Isshin whispered into his daughters ear. “You’re not safe here. With this much spiritual pressure leaking out of you you're bound to attract a holl-” Isshin began to say but was stopped by the deafening roar of the creature a few blocks away. “Damn it. Umm, Kon!”

“Yes, sir!” The stuffed lion said springing to attention from his lying position on the bed.

“Bostov! You’re alive!” Yuzu exclaimed, happily oblivious to their current situation.

“The name’s Kon!” the stuffed lion exclaimed ready to give the girl who made him endure hours of torture playing dress up a piece of his mind.

“You’re actually happy that pervy stuffed lions alive?” Karin asked as she watched her father stick his hand in the stuffed animals mouth and retrieve the green pill. “You’re not going to actually put that in your mouth are you? Oh gross, you did.” she said scrunching up her face. Instantly Isshins spirit body and gagia separated but instead of it falling onto the floor it stood up and saluted her fathers shinigami form.

“What do you need?” Kon asked inside of Isshins body as he stretched out his legs and arms.

“Woah, there’s two of you dad!” Yuzu said excitedly.

“You can see me?” Isshins shinigami form asked.

“You’re a little fuzzy, but yeah! What are you wearing? And where did you get that sword?” Yuzu said while eying him up and down.

“I’ll tell you later, Yuzu, but for now go with Kon to Urahara’s shop.” he said gripping his zanpakuto Engetsu.”

“The funny guy that owns the candy shop? Okay! Lead the way, Kon!” Yuzu said bending down and talking to the now empty stuffed lion. Kon face palmed in Isshins body as Karin rolled her eyes. The hollow roared again now closer.

“Hop on quick.” Kon said bending down so Yuzu could climb onto his back. “Let’s go.” He said hopping out their bedroom window and sprinting with his modified legs as a loud “Wheee!” could be heard from Yuzu.

“You want me to follow them?” Karin asked.

“No, come with me. We need to use you to draw attention away from them.”

“You’re using me as bait? Gee thanks, dad.” Karin said sarcastically but followed him none the less into the street.

“Just watch and see how your old man does it.” Isshin said with a smirk as he unsheathed Engetsu. As the creature grew closer to them the air filled with the monsters spiritual pressure causing Karin to unintentionally shiver. Just what exactly was coming her way? She tried her best to pull herself together. After what she had gone through with her last hollow encounter, her desire to meet another one face to face was right up there with letting Urahara run experiments on her.

“Do not be afraid, child.” A woman’s voice said softly to Karin. She looked around everywhere but saw nothing the voice could have belonged to. Great, now she was hearing things she thought to herself as they walked out of the residential area as the air continued to fill with the thick presence until the hollow was now visible. The white masked creature roared exposing it’s large fang like teeth as it towered over all the nearby buildings. It locked its demonic red eyes onto its prey as it made a beeline for the delicious smelling soul that belonged to Karin. Isshin gripped Engetsu and stood in front of the hollows path blocking Karin from it’s sight.

“Move aside, soul reaper. You’re in my way.” It hissed as it attempted to smack Isshin out of the way. Instead it roared in pain as Engetsu made clean work out of slicing the creatures arm off.

“So this is how you do it. Pay attention.” Isshin said. “You always want to aim for the head. Aim for the top and slice straight down.” He said as he leapt into the air with ease grasping his sword in both hands as he raised it over his head and came crashing down on ...a tree? He looked around confused as he freed Engetsu from the wood. How did he end up in the park? Where did the hollow go? And Karin! Where was Karin?

Karin stood facing the hollow, now alone on the empty street. Her father had been right there and then...he wasn’t. She didn’t understand. Where had he gone? The hollow laughed in it’s deep crackling voice as it surveyed the now defenseless girl with the tasty smelling soul. Sure he only had one arm now but the girl was a sitting duck, he didn’t need a second arm for this prey and he couldn’t wait to devour her like he had all the countless others. The lights power quickly surged in and out as it matched Karins heart rate. What was she going to do? She could run but she knew it would just find her by following her scent. Running was pointless; she’d have to fight, but how?

“Guide it into the power lines.” the woman's voice said again. Huh? Who said that? Karin wondered until she barely managed to dodge the monsters arm by diving onto the ground as it made a grab for her. She quickly got to her feet and started running thankful for all the years spent playing soccer that had built up her endurance and reflexes. Think! Think! Karin looked up following the sound of the loud humming as she noticed the electrical lines surging with power while sparks periodically flew out. Could that kill it? “No, but it will weaken it.” The mysterious voice answered as if reading her mind. It was worth a shot Karin thought and she promptly changed direction and made a beeline for the electrical wires. She stole a glance behind her and whimpered and tried to sprint faster as the creature closed in behind her.

“What do I do once I get there?” Karin asked out loud while feeling dumb for talking to herself.

“Let yourself get caught.”

“What are you crazy? Am I crazy? That thing wants to eat me!” Karin yelled out as she stopped under the electrical wires with hands on her knees wheezing from exhaustion.

“Got you!” The hollow roared with glee as it snatched the girl in its arm as it stood up while touching the power lines.

“He’s touching the lines! Why isn’t anything happening?” she yelled in pain as the hollow began squeezing her.

“You need to get the both of yourselves wet. Your body will act as a circuit and produce a high enough voltage to kill it.” The voice calmly explained.

“I don’t exactly see any water around here!”

“Then make some.” You’ve got be kidding Karin thought until the monster slowly began raising his hand to his mouth.

“Oh you are going to taste so good! What are you making that face for? Don’t be scared it will be over soon.” The monster laughed at Karin’s facial expression who with eyes closed began pushing to force the contents of her bladder out onto her self and the creature since relaxing it out was out of the question.. “Ugh, the girl has sprung a leak haha.”

“I’m sending you some power now, get ready.” The voice said as Karin suddenly began to tingle all over as her body glowed a bright yellow.

“What?” Was the last thing the hollow said before thousands of volts of electricity immediately encompassed him until he simply disintegrated into thin air as Karin dropped onto the ground head first.

The young black haired 13 year old slowly opened her eyes and found herself lying on her back in a forest surrounded by thick green foliage. Big puffy clouds moved slowly by in the bright blue sky as a gentle wind shook the leaves in the trees. Slowly the girl sat up and looked around. Where was she? She felt oddly calm as she surveyed her surroundings; it was like she had been here before as her mind was racked by deja-vu. She stood up and noticed her school uniform was gone and replaced by some kind of white kimono. She wiggled her now bare toes in the ankle deep grass as it tickled the bottoms of her feet.

“You did well, child.” The woman's voice praised. Karin followed the direction of the voice until she came to a small clearing in the trees. There, lying in the grass, was a beautiful red and white fox that watched her approaching with an almost grin like expression across it’s face.

“Hello?” Karin asked cautiously as she looked around the small clearing. “Anyone there?”

“You finally found me.” The voice said making Karin nearly jump as she realized it was coming from the fox. “You’ve been wondering in that forest every night for weeks. I’ve been calling out to you; I was starting to wonder if you’d ever hear my voice.”

“Were you the one guiding me?” Karin asked as her curiosity was peaked. She slowly approached the large fox whose eyes seemed to draw her ever closer.

“Yes. It was I.” The fox said as it stood up and stretched before trotting closer to the girl. “Do not be afraid; I won’t hurt you.”

“I’m not scared.” Karin quickly blurted out as the wolf seemed to snicker.

“You have many fears, child. Fears that you need to overcome if you want my help.”

“Who says I need help?” Karin shot back.

“Says the girl who cries for her mother and wets herself in her sleep.” the fox teased causing Karins face to burn.

“Who or what are you?” Karin asked once she was able to collect herself after that blow to her pride.

“I’m a Kitsune, but i’m also your Zanpakuto. I am the spiritual manifestation of part of your soul and spiritual abilities.” The fox explained rubbing up against Karin.

“You're my power?” Karin asked.

“Yes and no. I am part of you yes, but my power is my own. I am your partner who is willing to lend you my power. Would you like it?”

“Yes, please.”

“Well too bad.” the fox said in amusement as it laid down and licked it’s paw while smiling at the confused expression in Karin's face. “It’s like I said before, you have many fears in your heart that need to be overcome. You see your fear acts as a blockade that is keeping you apart from me. I cannot lend you my power to fight until you rid yourself of it.”

“I’m not scared of anything! So what, the hollow made me a little nervous at first, but wouldn’t anyone be?”

“With that attitude you’ll never be able to fight. Hmm, no that’s not it. It has nothing to do with the hollow. You see, you have a very deep fear inside of you. You may not even be aware of it.”

“Then tell me! How can I overcome this fear if I don’t even know what it is.” The fox thought it over for a moment.

“I will give you three days. If you can overcome your fears by then I will lend you my powers. I will call you back here each night to see what you’ve learned. I wish you the best of luck. Good bye, child.”

The first thing Karen realized was the pounding headache as bright lights shone up above her. She could vaguely hear people talking about her along with some shouting. She wanted to open her eyes but the pain prevented her from doing so. She could feel someone holding her right hand as she weakly squeezed their hand to let them know she was ok.

“Sōten Kisshun I reject! What? Let me try again. Soten Kisshun I reject! SOTEN KISSHUN I REJECT!...It’s not working.” Orihime admitted as she tried and tried to heal the unconscious Karin.

“It’s alright, Orihime. Thanks for trying. I guess she will just have to heal the old fashion way.” Isshin said as he looked down at his beat up daughter who laid out on one of the clinic beds. This was all his fault; if he hadn’t been so cocky he would have noticed that hollow had some kind of teleportation abilities. The poor thing had been so scared she had even wet herself. When she wakes up he would have to ask her what happened to it. When he had finally made it back the hollow was no where to be seen and not a trace of its spiritual pressure could be felt.

Judging by the injuries Karin had she had fallen from a high altitude and from the bruises along her waist she had been grabbed. Isshin put the pieces together to mean that she had been picked up but had managed to fight her way out of its grasp and had fallen to the ground where she had been knocked unconscious. Now that she couldn’t be healed through...faster methods the poor thing was in for one hell of a recovery. Three broken ribs, one broken arm, a broken shoulder, and bruised pelvis. She wouldn’t be getting out of bed for anything anytime soon which reminds him of certain...precautions that needed to be made. “Orihime, do you think you could help me out with something?” he asked as he dug through a supply closet.

“Of course, anything!” Orihime answered feeling bad she couldn’t be of more use.

“I don’t know when she’ll wake up and even when she does she won’t be getting up. Seeing as how i’m now down a nurse would you mind helping her into this?” Isshin asked handing her the white puffy diaper. “Seeing as how she’s my daughter and all.” he admitted turning red.

“It’s okay I understand.” Orihime said taking the supplies and drawing the curtain around the two of them.

“Argh.” Karin moaned in pain as she began waking up at the sudden coldness caused by Orihime cleaning up her earlier “accident” with wet wipes. Her eyes slowly opened to find Orihime doing something but she couldn’t tell what. All she knew was that she was cold.

“Hey, Karin, how are you feeling?” Orihime asked when she looked to find the young girl staring at her. “I’m almost done, then I’ll cover you back up. Your dad said you can’t get out of bed so he asked me to help diaper you. So no need to worry now if you gotta go, cause you can just, you know, go.” Orihime rambled on in her happy state as she dusted the girl with plenty of baby powder. A diaper Karin thought as her face heated up red with embarrassment. Orihime was putting her in a diaper!? Karin realized to make matters worse she was naked as well. That’s why she was so cold.

“Why?” Karin finally managed to ask.

“Because you’re hurt silly. We can’t expect you to just get out of bed every time you have to pee with all those broken bones.”

“Why can’t you just heal me?” Karin asked trying to cover herself with her good arm. Orihime looked at her sadly for a moment before she admitted it wouldn’t work.

“Three days and I will lift the electric field I have over you blocking her abilities.” Karin heard inside her head. So this was the foxes doing? Why? “So you can overcome your fears.” She replied.

“All done!” Orihime said cheerfully as she finished taping the last of the tabs over Karins waist and covering her naked body with a sheet and blanket before pulling back the curtain to reveal her worried looking father.

“Hey, how ya doing?” Isshin asked still feeling guilty. Karin tried to shrug but yelped in pain at trying to move her broken shoulder. Isshin frowned as he pulled out a syringe and put it in her I.v. “I’ve given you something for the pain so you’ll be asleep in no time. Yuzu will be here soon in case you need anything.”

“I’ll be fine.” Karin tried to say to reassure everyone. The last thing she wanted was everyone fussing over her. “ I’ll be fine in three days.” she said.

“What makes you say that?” Isshin asked.

“The nice fox lady said so.” Karin said as the drugs took effect as she drifted back to sleep.

*007*2015-04-29 15:25

Thank you ^^
