Introduction to Mia

Author: OmoJack

*000*2012-01-09 07:22

Introduction to Mia

Theres attractive women, there's sexy women, there's gorgeous women, and then there's Mia. A half black half Mexican recent high school graduate with the face of an angel and body of a goddess(cliche I kno!). Caramel brown skin, big brown eyes, thick luscious lips, small but perky breasts, and a thick but not too thick butt any girl would kill for or any guy would die for. Being half Mexican she speaks fluent Spanish and even has a slight accent at times, which throws most people off because if you didn't know her you would just think she's a black girl.

Being a high school graduate with model-like good looks one would think Mia would have a lot of experience with dating and sex, but in actuality she has only had a handful of dates and is still a virgin. Now Mia isn't weird, or mean, or anything like that. Mia is just extremely shy. She is the type to try and hide herself while undressing in the locker room at school, and couldn't fathom being seen naked or even in her underwear by a boy.

Mia also has confidence troubles due to a problem she has been dealing with practically her entire life. Mia's bladder is uncommonly weak. When it reaches full capacity there's no holding on it just bursts. Over the years she has fought and usually lost epic battle after epic battle with her bladder having wet herself in every scenario possible. Doctors have told her that there isn't anything they can do to strengthen her bladder accept for her to do holding exercises to try and stretch her ability to hold on. They told her she should just wear diapers and forget about trying to live normally but being te proud girl she is she refuses to degrade herself and live like a child, but for a girl as shy as Mia loss of bladder control could be devastating....

Ok guys I plan to write many stories about Mia and her problems. Mainly recounting her high school times and future times in college or work. Mia is one of my fantasy girls and I hope you guys get to enjoy her as much as i do, so feel free to give me feedback good or bad!!

Actual wettings of Mia coming soon!

