Teenagers

Author: Krinity

*000*2012-10-10 23:40

This is actually based off a dream i had once. I wet the bed that night. And this is my first fiction done in separate chapters.

Chapter One

It was 9:30 on a Tuesday evening. Devon was waiting for the bathroom, but his brother Jason always took forever because he had OCD, and his mom had her door closed. He really needed to go. "Are you almost done in there?" he said desperately while knocking. "I really need to go!"

"Just a minute! I'm almost done! Just a few more minutes!" was Jason's response. Devon knew he couldn't wait a few minutes, he was going to wet himself any second. Gasping as a spurt leaked into his pants, he knocked beat on the door. "Can't you wait a couple minutes?" Jason yelled at him. "No!" he called desperately. "I'm on the verge of wetting myself!" Which was the worst thing he could've said. "Almost done." Jason called. "Washing my hands." He flushed, then turned on the sink, only increasing Devon's need to go. Two seconds into Jason washing his hands, Devon gasped as a larger, longer spurt leaked, he grabbed himself for all it was worth. Ten seconds later, his bladder refused to hold it anymore, and flooded his grey sweatpants.

Two minutes and forty-three seconds later, he was empty. And his brother was still washing his hands. Devon had friends over, and they were playing XBOX in his room, so he couldn't change. What was he supposed to do? His friends would search for him if he was gone too long and if he stayed here they'd see. His house had a giant pantry, so he hid there. Once he was in and the door was closed he took his wet pants off so they wouldn't stick to him. Thirty minutes later, his friends thought he had trolled them into hide-and-seek, so they played along. Searching everywhere, they eventually found him in the pantry, holding his pants, in the nude. "Dude, put your pants on!" Kyle said, covering Kayla's eyes, the only girl who they knew that liked Modern Warfare and Black Ops. "Y-no thanks," he stuttered. "Mind getting me a new pair?"

"Why? Those look just fine." Kyle responded. "Uh, fine." Devon said, uncrumpling them. "Ew, dude, you peed your pants!" Kyle cried, seeing the huge wet spot. "N-no, I spilled water on them!" he fought back, pants finally on him. Kyle uncovered Kayla's eyes. "Dude, you said you needed to pee, and were going to." Kyle stated. "Yep." Kayla said, nodding in agreement. "You know the tradition for wetting, Kyle, right?"

"Oh you bet I do." he said.

