Desperate Piccolo : Dragon Ball Z

Author: Pain

*000*2015-08-16 20:42

(I wrote this a while back on a request. Thought of posting it in-case anybody would like to read it.)

“I told you I can’t do this…” Gohan wailed, keeping himself from collapsing on the ground using his all fours, sweat dripping off his chin.He was gasping for breath but Piccolo couldn’t have cared less.

He was irritated by the kid’s banter on how he couldn’t fight but he knew there was no other choice. If he saw even a slight ray of hope of saving the Earth from the wrath of the two Saiyans that were going to land here a year later, then it was in this kid.

“Hopeless case,” he thought, watching the boy try to stand up. Although the lad showed little potential at the moment, Piccolo was hopeful that he’d pick up soon.

He knew that Gohan had something special within him. Something that even he or Goku didn’t have.

He saw that the kid was tired and needed some rest, it was obvious, after all they had been training continuously for two hours or so.

Piccolo suggested Gohan to take a little rest for a while to which the kid readily agreed. Before long, the deliriously tired boy dozed off under a tree while Piccolo sat meditating on a rock.

With his legs folded, eyes closed and wrists on his knees, Piccolo tried to concentrate. He sat there still, not bothered by the sweet chirps of the birds flying nearby.

The cool morning breeze felt so good on his face and bare hands, he wished he could keep meditating as long as he wanted to, but he knew they didn’t have any time to waste.

They were here to train, not to meditate or sleep. God knows how strong those Saiyans would be? And by how Raditz had described about the uncanny powers of the yet to arrive warriors, Piccolo was sure it would take everything they have got to defeat them and save Earth from an impending carnage.

Suddenly, Piccolo felt a strong twinge in his bladder. Maybe all the water he had been drinking while training was finally catching up to him. Piccolo ignored the signals coming from his bladder and closed his eyes back, he needed to concentrate. He could relieve himself later; his need to go wasn’t too great after all.

But as time passed, Piccolo’s need to pee grew more and more pressing. His bladder was filling up quite rapidly, putting a considerable amount of strain on its walls.

He took a deep breath and straightened his back. Piccolo was beginning to feel really uncomfortable now. He couldn’t help but squirm a bit where he sat, every now and then.

It was taking a great deal of effort for him to relax and meditate owing to the fact that his need to wee was increasing at such an alarming rate.

After a three hour long sleep, Gohan finally woke up to find Piccolo still meditating with his eyes closed.

He was really in awe with Piccolo’s level of concentration and the ability to sit still for so long. But little did the kid know what was going on inside his master.

Piccolo’s bladder had filled up considerably by now and he was planning on relieving himself as soon as his meditation routine got over.

Another strong twinge from his bladder pulled him out of his state of somewhat shallow meditation. He opened his eyes to find Gohan looking at him intently.

Did the kid notice him squirming?

“Hey Piccolo! When do we get back to training?” Gohan asked with innocence.

“Right now kid! And I want you to show me your best!” Piccolo growled as he jumped from the rock, to appear right in front of the small boy.

He was fast, so fast that Gohan’s eyes couldn’t even register his movements. Although Piccolo looked ready for another rigorous session of training, he was regretting the decision of making such a swift movement of jumping from the rock.

Such a fast action had left waves of urine crashing against the walls of his bladder. He couldn’t believe he was so full already. He knew it would have been a wise decision to empty his bladder before they began training but he didn’t really want Gohan to know that he had to pee.

“Kid, are you sure you want to continue with your training?” Piccolo asked in his low, coarse voice, staring Gohan right in his eyes.

“Hmm…!” the boy nodded, clenching his fists towards Piccolo, a sign that he was ready to begin.

“Good, with an attitude like that you just might make it…,” Piccolo smirked, standing there, inviting Gohan to make the first move.

The boy took the chance and jumped towards Piccolo to kick him, but the Namek was quick to counter.

He thrashed the boy with his hand, sending him flying off behind a boulder.

Gohan immediately retrieved to shower Piccolo with a series of punches and kicks, but the big green guy was fast enough to dodge them.

As Piccolo continued to avoid the boy’s consistent attacks, the copious amount of urine he was holding kept sloshing inside his bladder, making it really uncomfortable for him to keep up such an agile motion.

He vanished to appear behind Gohan’s back; kicking him far away. Piccolo winced in agony as he felt a strong jolt from his bladder, maybe moving his leg to kick was a bad idea.

The small boy fell to the ground with a thud.

“Keep your eye on the enemy!” Piccolo growled angrily, his annoyance increasing, some due to Gohan’s poor performance and some due to his need to pee.

“…but you disappeared, I couldn’t see you…” Gohan replied, sitting up and rubbing the back of his head, showing where it hurt.

“If you can’t see the enemy … feel him out...” Piccolo instructed, holding his waist with both his hands. He could feel his bladder really swelling up now and it wouldn’t have been long before he would need to relieve himself whether he wanted it or not.

“Well that’s a lot easier said than done…” Gohan responded, getting back on his feet, continuing to rub his head and groaning in pain.

Piccolo growled in anger before striking the boy with a blue beam which he shot out through his eyes, turning Gohan into fried Gohan.

The Saiyan boy again fell on his face.

“Next time you find the time to whine, think of what you should do instead, then do it…” Piccolo said with an evil smile running through his face. Although he was trying to put up a tough demeanor and was telling Gohan what to do, he was actually planning about when he would go to pee.

He could feel the water still streaming into his bladder, filling it like a balloon. He knew he had a little way too much water to be held back for very long and that his bladder was quickly reaching its limits.

It was now taking him a conscious effort to hold back his pee. Had he been alone, he would have rushed to relive himself. But since Gohan was with him, he really didn’t want to give out any signs that he needed to piss. That would have looked so weak and vulnerable. Needing to pee while training for the battle that was going to decide the fate of the planet they were living in? No, he decided to wait it out until the training was over.

Piccolo knew this was a very long shot since he was already getting pretty desperate for a leak and there were still a few hours to go before they could call it a day.

Anyway, they continued with Gohan throwing an array of punches and kicks at the Namek, while he kept dodging them.

He was still pretty fast for Gohan and the poor kid was hardly able to even touch his master, but then suddenly, a punch he threw landed on Piccolo’s face!

What?! Gohan couldn’t believe himself! Was he really getting better at this?

Piccolo held his bladder in agony instead of his face, where he had actually taken the hit. He growled in anger and looked at the kid. It was getting difficult for him to control his urge to pee now and with his mind occupied with his need, Piccolo was not able to effectively counter the kid’s movements.

Maybe he should ask the boy to stop so he could go relieve himself somewhere. The situation was getting severe now, but he still didn’t want Gohan to know that he had to pee this bad.

Holding his bladder Piccolo stood there, hoping Gohan won’t start attacking him again. He was not sure if he’d be able to hold it while fighting like this; it was simply too much strain for his bladder to take.

An hour and a half later, Piccolo’s need to pee had increased dramatically. His bladder felt as hard as a rock, restricting his movements to a great extent.

Piccolo was now regretting his decision of drinking so much water without thinking about the chances of getting to relive himself. He could never let the boy know that he had to pee this bad, it would have been so embarrassing!

His body was beginning to shake with the effort it was taking to hold on. The pressure in his bladder was like he had never felt before. He couldn’t believe he had to pee this urgently.

Bending forward a little, Piccolo frowned looking at the boy, who was looking back at him.

Gohan jumped towards the Namek and landed another punch on his face, throwing him down to the ground.

As Piccolo fell down, he felt a sudden spurt of pee escape into his underwear. Fuck! His eyes widened in horror. He barely managed to stop himself from grabbing his crotch in desperation.

He gulped the lump in his throat and stood back up. He was not sure if he’d be able to hold it if he got hit like that one more time.

“Ahh..!” he growled in shock as he saw Gohan flying towards him again. Piccolo’s terror knew no bounds. His body was not in a position to endure another attack like the previous one.

He had to evade the hit at all costs if he wanted to save himself from having an embarrassing accident in front of the kid.

To his luck, Piccolo found himself successful in hitting Gohan with a slash of his hand when he came close enough. The kid was catapulted to a great distance due to the impact of the hit he had taken.

He crashed to the ground sending a huge cloud of dust flying off all over the place.

Piccolo had saved himself from getting hit, but the sudden jolt his body experienced when he struck the boy forced him leak into his underwear for another second.

Piccolo doubled over and grabbed his crotch in desperation, crushing his penis shut, taking advantage of the fact that Gohan wouldn’t be able to see him through the massive veil of dust. He crossed his legs tight and bounced on his knees. God he had to pee!

He could feel the dampness of the cloth around his crotch. He didn’t want to imagine how his underwear would’ve looked like at this point. All what he knew was that if he didn’t pee soon, he was going to have an accident.

Piccolo tried to walk towards a large boulder which was nearby, cupping his full bladder with one hand and holding his crotch with the other. The strain he was experiencing in his bladder was incredible. It was so full that he wasn’t even able to stand up straight, let alone walk.

He had to pee before Gohan could find out about his predicament and to do that, he needed to get behind the boulder as soon as he could.

Doubled over and limping forwards, just a few feet away from the boulder now, he stopped to cross his legs again because he came so close to losing control. Piccolo felt his sphincters shaking with pressure. He felt another small stream rushing out through the shaft of his penis.

He gasped in pain as he barely managed to cut off the flow by squeezing his dick tighter than ever.

“Piccolo!” he heard a voice coming from behind. It was Gohan.

Piccolo turned around to find Gohan flying towards him rapidly. His started to shiver in fear. If he got hit, he was definitely going to wet himself. He quickly let go off his crotch, not wanting to be seen holding himself but he didn’t dare to uncross his legs. Too much relaxation at this point could have been dangerous.

“Gohan no!” he yelled out, in desperation, unable to move from where he was.

Gohan somehow braked himself in midair on Piccolo’s sudden command ,but he couldn’t understand what was going on?

Was Piccolo satisfied with his performance and wanted to end the training?

“What is it Piccolo?” the kid asked in a soft voice as he landed on his feet to the ground.

Piccolo wanted to tell him to go away so he could pee, but he was still not able to let go off his inhibitions.

He did not want Gohan to know that he was so desperate to piss but he did not have the time to think, he had to pee! Now!

Without saying anything he turned back and took a few more steps towards the boulder, and suddenly another jet of pee rushed out of him.

He jammed his hand back to his crotch, not caring any longer if Gohan could see him doing so. His pee was just a hair breadth away from the exit and the only way to hold on even if only for a few seconds was through squeezing his cock shut.

“Aaah…!” Piccolo gasped in pain, his back still towards Gohan.

“Piccolo are you alright?” the boy asked in concern, looking at his master’s pitiful condition.

“I-I have to p-pee…I can’t hold it…” Piccolo said, his eyes tightly closed shut with the effort and concentration it was taking to hold his pee.

“Oh!” Gohan sighed in shock, a little taken aback by Piccolo’s sudden confession. Why did he push himself to hold on when he was so desperate?

The Namek stood bent double at his spot unable to even take a step. Piccolo mustered every ounce of strength left in his body to lift his leg up and go behind the boulder but then the action proved to be too much for his full bladder.

Suddenly, he felt a thin rivulet of piss starting to flow out of his penis. He was beginning to go in his pants!

Gasping in shock and horror, Piccolo tried his best to the stop the stream but failed.

His fingers felt wet now, the pee was beginning to seep through the fabric, forming a huge wet patch around the area of his crotch.

In panic, he went for the string of his pants, desperately trying to get them untied but the tight knot around his waist refused to open.

“No!” Piccolo yelled in despair as his last attempt to save himself from having an uncontrollable accident went in vain. All of a sudden, the thin stream gained strength and turned into a thick torrent. Piccolo was wetting himself. He had completely lost control.

The dark patch on his crotch began to expand to his trembling knees and several drops of pee fell on the barren land as he stood there in shame and disgust.

Soon a puddle of pee started to form beneath his feet as kept on peeing. The pressure in his bladder slowly began to abate as it continued to empty itself profusely. Piccolo couldn’t believe there was so much pee within him, how he was able to drink so much and then keep holding for so long was just incredible. After an entire minute his torrent turned into a slow stream before it completely stopped. By now he had soaked every inch of his pants and underwear. He collapsed to the ground, defeated. Piccolo couldn’t believe that he had wet himself uncontrollably and that too in front of Gohan!

He didn’t have the courage to turn around and look at him. All he wanted to do was to hide himself in a dark corner, away from the boy.

“Piccolo?” Gohan said meekly, “Are you alright?”

“Go away kid…” Piccolo said, still facing the other side. His humiliation knew no bounds, he didn’t want to confront the boy, at least not now.

“It’s okay Piccolo, it was just an accident….” Gohan said, trying to provide some support to a visibly shaken Piccolo.

“No it’s not okay…I don’t want to talk about this, please leave me alone…” he said, his voice betraying his despair and helplessness.

“Piccolo!” Gohan yelled as he ran to come and stand right before the Namek’s eyes, “Do you think I am disgusted by you just because you wet yourself?”, he said angrily.

Piccolo didn’t respond, he just looked away, trying to avoid any eye contact.

“Piccolo you are my friend and there is no way I am ever leaving your side! It was just a silly accident; it doesn’t even matter to me! You are still my hero and you are still a source of inspiration to me! Do you think I will look down on you just because you wet yourself?! If yes, then you do not get me at all!” Gohan said, his anger evident in his words.

“Gohan ….” ,was all Piccolo could managed to say before his eyes welled up with tears.

“It’s okay Piccolo, you won’t even believe how many times I’ve wet myself!” Gohan said, placing a hand on the Namek’s shoulder.

He hugged Piccolo tight, rubbing his back slowly.

“Thank you Gohan… you are the only friend I have…” he said, tears rolling down his face.

They both hugged each other for a while.

“Now go and get your clothes changed, we have a lot of training to do tomorrow…” Gohan said, smiling a bit as he stepped back.

Piccolo nodded before he stood from his knees and quickly flew off towards his home.

“B-Bye Piccolo!” Gohan shouted as he waved wildly at his friend, watching him disappear into the horizon.

*002*2015-08-23 17:46

Thank you! :)

*005*2021-08-20 13:07

{{8 hours ago, Ms. Tito said:

Wait do Namekians even have genitals? Do they just have a pee hole and nothing else?

}}

In this case, the person who requested for the story explicitly asked me to write the story on the lines of Nameks having a penis. I seriously don't remember if I have mentioned that he has a penis anywhere in the story.

