The Legend of Korra - Book 1: Control

Author: razia

*000*2015-03-24 03:39

### Hey guys, this is my first chapter in what I hope to be a pretty decent series. I wrote this tonight and tried to get all the kinks (haha) out! I hope you enjoy it, let me know what you think. This was a fun series to start, and I have few different ideas where I might take it! --

Chapter 1 - The Battle For Zaofu

A gush of wind, a blast of fire. Her hits are missing one after the other. The battle is filled with noises, making it hard for her to concentrate. Amongst the people and the machines, she spots her again – Kuvira! Metal benders have a way of dodging all of her attacks, but this one in particular; oh she wanted to see her defeated. With a blast of powerful wind, Korra rushes up to Kuvira and punches her face, sending Kuvira back. Using metal wires, Kuvira corrects herself before landing on the ground.

“Zaofu will be mine Korra! Step aside and keep out of Earth Empire official business!” Korra scoffs, “Zaofu has right to separate from your empire Kuvira. Turn back now, or we will stop you!” With that Kuvira laughs, and then rushes up at whips a metal wire at Korra. Blow for blow they go at it, each matched in power. The avatar parries multiple hits, but gets hit with a chunk of her from random soldier. She smacks against a fallen mecha tank, and feels the first pang in her bladder. “Soldier! Stand down! Korra is mine!” Kuvira yells. She turns to Korra. “Get up avatar, and fight me!”

Korra obliges, and forces herself up. She feels the need to pee, quite badly. “This is the worst possible time for this” She thinks to herself. “That hit was something fierce, it wasn’t this bad before”. Ignoring the feeling, she gathers herself, and with a yell, continues her attack. Fire, earth, wind, water, fire. The elements are swinging all around her, forcing their way through the battle field. Kuvira goes on the defensive, blocking what she can. Korra continues with her barrage, hoping desperately for this battle to end soon. “So many innocent lives!” She enrages with the thought of the people fighting.

The fight goes on for some time. On equal footing, the battle goes back and forth. The need of a bathroom increases with every failed block. Korra needs to find a way out, lest she be humiliated in front of the entire Earth empire army. She thinks. Maybe a distraction, or some cover and she can run – if only for a few minutes. Kuvira is looking tired, a good hit against her might give her some time to get away. With that, Korra makes up her mind. Charging up her fist for a cheap shot, she blasts Kuvira in the stomach, sending her flying. Now! She thinks to herself. She looks around for a spot to escape. All around her are mechas, she can’t just run away without being seen. She panics, she must find a way out!

With a smack, Korra’s hands become bound. She gasps – surprised at the attack. Her bladder pangs again – with much greater strength. As she falls with her feet bound too she feels herself start to lose control. Pee begins to dribble out, dampening her panties. The battlefield disappears as Korra concentrates on holding it. Upon hitting the ground she pees again and she feels the warmth spread more on underwear. She stops it just in time, and brings herself back to reality.

Kuvira towers over her, with a grin on her face. “The avatar falls, and once again is my prisoner.” She gestures to the Metal Capital. “Soon the city will be mine, and there is little you can do about it. I will let you live for now, so you can witness your rebellion fail, and your friends… die.” Her grin widens. With lifts the metal Korra is bound by, and sets her against the tanks. “Speaking of which, look who we have now!” Kuvira whips around and gestures to soldier gathered by a nearby tank. As the figures round the tank, Korra’s eyes widen in terror. She cries out: “No please let her go! Take me if you want, but leave her be!” She struggles helplessly against the tank, and finally slumps down. She lifts her and with tears in her eyes she looks at Asami, tied and bound, get tossed in front of her. She had a few scrapes, but nothing major, with the exception of her being knocked out.

Overwhelmed Korra starts to cry and yells “Please Kuvira, let’s talk about this”. She sniffs. “Please don’t hurt her” Kuvira scoffs. “And why should I listen to you, when you are the Avatar and refuse to give up Zaofu? Why should I spare her life? Why hers in particular? Tell me Avatar, when you willingly risk the lives of your other friends, why are you willing to die for this one?”.

Korra sniffs and looks at Kuvira, with new found determination to save Asami. She looks Kuvira straight in the eye and says “Because I love her”. She feels a bump in her heart, and blood rush to her face, but she continues to stare at Kuvira, daring for Kuvira to bring more harm to Asami. Kuvira just stares at her, and then laughs heartedly.

“Of course! The avatar loves all her friends. If I presented any of them to you, you would have said the same thing.” Kuvira squats in front of Korra. “Because I am a kind and benevolent leader, I will spare your friends. But I have won this battle, and I have to let the people of Zaofu know. I am greater than the Avatar!” She turns around, and starts speaking to some high ranking officials next to her.

Korra sighs, and slumps down. The feeling of having to go was just as strong, if not worse, but just now it was completely secondary. She knew though, there was no way to hold it for long, and because of this she could not bring herself to look at Asami, afraid she might wake up and she her. Korra wished she could sit, that would make this a little better. Being forced to stand against a tank, with her hands to the side, made her have to pee a hundred times worse. She hoped that maybe she could hold it until they took her into a tent; at least there she would have a little more dignity.

And as if her body didn’t like that thought, her bladder pushed, and she started to pee softly. Her panties started to soak it up, becoming far warmer than the wet spot had been. Struggling to hold it, she pressed her thighs together, but it didn’t help much. While doing that slowed the pee, she still had to really go, and it started to run down her legs. She cries out softly, knowing any louder might bring attention to her accident.

With her panties completely soaked, she pants start soaking up more, and she loses even more control, and start peeing forcefully. She can no longer contain it in any way, and the avatar proceeds to fully wet herself. She goes limp as she wets as she can no longer stop it, and wait for it to be over. The pee forces itself to the front and back of her underwear, down her legs, and finally into the grass underneath her. After what seems like ages, her bladder empties.

All is quieter now, as Korra looks up. Kuvira still has her backed turned, and mechas and soldiers are no longer fighting. Korra gasped as she realized; Zaofu was taken! She was caught and the city was lost. Kuvira, upon hearing Korra gasped turned around and approached her – but she stopped a few feet away, her eyes on the large wet patch on the front of Korra’s pants. She stared until her looked up ansd smiled at Korra. “You peed yourself” She stated bluntly. “That doesn’t seem very Avatar of you.” She walks up to Korra. “You lose, and end up wetting yourself, and I am not going to let this down.” She takes out her metal whip and snapped it to the ground. “Korra, if you thought by peeing yourself you would escape punishment, you thought wrong. You may be a little girl who can’t control her bladder, but you lead an army against me. And for that, you shall pay” With that Kuvira pulls back her whip, and Korra readies herself, she yelps as the whips comes down with a loud SNAP –

Korra sits up straight. Gasping for air and breathing hard she orients herself. She looks around. Dim light shows the room she’s in is filled with a friendly warm air. Wooden walls and floor, a gently breeze coming through the window. It then dawns on her. She was dreaming! A nightmare at best. She had won. Everything was normal for the time being, nobody evil currently out there, trying she kill her. She sighed with relief, and laid back down. She was so glad; words couldn’t describe what she felt before that. Yet something felt off. She laid there, and it dawned on her – she was wet. She sat up again and looked under her covers. She had peed everything, her entire bladder into the bed. Her pajamas were soaking wet and the bed had a huge circle around her waist.

She didn’t understand. She hadn’t had this big of an accident in a long time, why now? Since all the battles, and being poisoned, she had had trouble with her bladder, but it was just small wetting, nothing too big. She pondered on this for a second – she would have to ask Katara. She wouldn’t be judged by her, and no one else who have to know. Getting out of peed her look herself in the mirror, and then proceeded to pull the pee out of her pajamas, and off of the bed. She smiled to herself with the thought “Ha, I’m bending pee right now”. Korra then heard a close door close, and she quickly put the pee on some dirty clothes in the basket, and shut the lid. She was dry now, and she felt a lot better. Despite the accident, maybe it was time for her to go downstairs, and get some breakfast. She smiled at her reflection, adjusted her hair and left the room.

*003*2015-03-24 22:57

{{: 

Azula's pleased with this story. I can't wait for the other chapters!

}}

{{: 

Omg that was so good I can't wait to see what happens next =)

}}

I'm a fairly slow writer, but I'm working on it! I'm glad you liked it! :)

