Dog for a Day

Author: SashaButters

*000*2015-11-24 08:14

[This story is set in the world of The Sphere: A virtual reality collective that allows people to play various games or perform day to day functions including: Got to school, work, and other things.]

When Samantha first saw the ad for one of the recent eroge games at The Sphere Center she worked at, she couldn’t take her eyes off it. It didn’t offer much info about the game itself; it was just a young man gripping the leash of an anthro dog girl -just a typical master and pet simulator. They had been gaining popularity over the years and more and more had been appearing.

What had first captured Samantha’s attention were the master’s bright green eyes that seemed reach into Samantha’s very soul and pull her closer, while his curly dark hair made her go weak in the knees. She didn’t think anything was weird until she found herself imagining one day being on the other end of that leash. You can put a collar on me any day.

“Why don’t you just play it already?” A voice behind her said startling her as she jumped. “Well if that isn’t the sign of a guilty conscious, than I don’t know what is.”

“Don’t sneak up on me like that!” Samantha said trying to catch her breath.

“I would hardly call walking down the hall sneaking up on you.” Tom grined flipping his long blond bangs out of his eyes while carrying a load of boxes in his arms. “I catch you staring at that poster all the time. Why don’t you just play it already?”

“I-I don’t want to play it. I just think he’s kind of cute.” Samantha insisted blushing. She’d never stoop so low as to admit she wanted to play an adult video game.

“Meh, not my type.” Tom said looking him up and down as Samantha rolled her eyes playfully. “I can finish moving these boxes by myself if you want to try.” He said with a grin. She was always scoffing at the types of people that came in to play these kinds of games; it would be ironic if she were secretly into it as well.

“I said I don’t want to!” Samantha insisted.

“I’ll make you a deal.” Tom said. “If you play this game; I’ll take your Saturday shift.”

###

“I can’t believe I’m doing this.” Samantha said as nervous anticipation filled her stomach. “Please don’t tell anyone.” She whispered as Tom plugged the wires into the back of her neck before fitting the helmet over her head. She closed her eyes as Tom began counting down.

Cheery upbeat music greeted her ears as she opened her eyes to find a menu of options waiting for her to choose from. The first thing for her to decide was whether or not she wanted to be the Master or Pet. A brief thought of walking the guy from the advertisement on a leash flashed through her mind, but she decided against it. Now was her chance, she may never have another opportunity like this. Samantha selected the pet option and a list of different anthropoids to choose from popped up as her avatar, Jen, appeared to the side modeling each option in turn. She quickly selected dog, as a cat would look rather silly being walked on a leash. Next she was prompted to choose a breed. After flicking through different selections she settled on a beagle, as it looked the best with Jen’s appearance.

She hadn’t really known what to expect when she had logged on. She had expected Jen’s appearance to be furrier she supposed, but was pleasantly surprised to find all that changed was dog-ears and a tail. Samantha couldn’t help but think she looked absolutely adorable instead of creepy like she had originally thought. Samantha was also pleasantly surprised to find that she could adjust the masters personality traits as she saw fit. She could change make him anywhere from kind and compassionate to strict and controlling. It was her first time playing something like this after all, she wasn’t ready to get a squirt bottle to the face or smacked with a rolled up newspaper just because she sat on the furniture or something. Finally once everything was set to Samantha’s taste she was ready to start.

###

When she first came to, Jen found herself staring out into the street, but was blocked by a clear window. She pressed her face against the glass- for some reason- leaving wet nose prints against it. She spun around when she heard several whimpering sounds behind her and found herself face to face with four other identical looking puppy girls in the pet store window with her. She was part of a litter she realized watching her clones barking and jumping all over each other as she sat back and watched unknowingly wagging her tail behind her.

“Hewo?” She said uncertainly. She hadn’t been sure if she was able to talk, but was relieved when the words came out, even if they sounded a bit weird. Her tongue was larger than what she was used to and it wanted to simply hang out her mouth. Her clones quickly turned their heads, tongues out and panting while their tails wagged happily behind them.

“Play with us!” One of them said as the others chanted their agreement and resumed their rough housing. One girl was chewing on the end of another’s shirt while trying to wrestle it off the others head as her face shook back and forth. Suddenly everyone stopped playing as a large shadow was cast down over the cage as a man peeked his head in the window. He was huge; Jen thought until she realized it was just her that was quite small. Her body trembled as she backed up against the far side of the cage in the corner away from the giant. He seemed to be preoccupied though watching the two that had been fighting over their shirt. The man came inside the store and pointed them out to the clerk working there.

With a jingling of keys Jen was surprised she could hear, he opened the cage and plucked the two out with each hand before handing them to the man and closing the door behind him. And then it was just three of them. One of the girls whimpered and pawed at the glass with her hands when the man disappeared with the two of them. Jen frowned watching her clone pitifully cry at the others sudden disappearance, but soon continued playing and chasing her tail in a circle. Jen decided to find a corner to sit in and watch what would happen. This must be where the master finds her she realized. She guessed all she had to do was wait her turn to be adopted, but soon the other two were chosen leaving her and just one other.

“You have to look cute if you want to get chosen.” Her clone said surprising Jen. She wasn’t aware the others were capable of such thought considering they had stood in a line sniffing each other’s butts through their shorts just moments ago. Maybe she had a point, lots of people had come and stared through the window while the others played and she sat by herself in the corner. Jen decided to take her advice for the new crowd that came, but was distracted when a new problem arose.

“Umm, so what do you do if you gotta, umm, go? Do I just call for the store owner and ask for the bathroom or…?” Jen asked as the other puppy cocked her head to the side. She knew lots of games had the use of bodily functions to make the games more realistic, but she had never been in one before. She certainly hadn’t wanted to discover this was one of those games while trapped in a cage with no toilet.

“You’re standing on it.” The other version of herself said scratching her face with her foot. Jen looked down and frowned when she realized she was standing on a pile of newspapers barefoot. She quickly hopped off and frowned thinking she had probably just been standing in pee before realization dawned on her. Wait… was she expected to go on the newspapers? In front of all these people watching?

“I’ll hold it.” She replied. Jen’s mouth nearly dropped when the other simply shrugged before walking over, shimmied her shorts down and squatted over the newspaper in front of the crowd of on-lookers as if it was no big deal. Jen crossed her legs as the tinkling sound echoed throughout the cage as the smell of fresh urine assaulted her nose. How could she just go like that? She wondered as she blushed with embarrassment before sitting in a corner to pass the time. Before long her need had intensified greatly to the point she had to be constantly shifting in order to hold it. She had finally made up her mind to go just as soon as the crowd of people dwindled. But as soon as one person left, it seemed as though another two quickly took their place.

Jen unintentionally let out a whimper as she clutched herself. Time seemed to be greatly sped up in this world. It felt like she had been in here for hours, but in reality she had probably only been here for half of one. Suddenly she felt arms wrapped around her waist and haul her into the air as she was suddenly met with an excited girls eager face before being smooshed forcibly into her chest. She gasped as she felt her lower half growing warm and wet, but her arms were pinned to the side.

“Eww!” The little girl shouted holding Jen at arms length away as she continued to pee herself as the liquid dripped down her legs onto the tiled floor beneath her. Jen’s face burned red as the little girl continued making a commotion. “It peed on me!”

“You don’t want that one, honey, it’s not paper trained. Put it back and get the other one.” The man next to her said as the girl quickly tossed her back in the cage before selecting the other one and leaving her behind.

“You should have used the paper.” The last of her clones called out to her as she was left alone and wet inside the cage.

###

She didn’t know how much time had passed that she sat alone shivering on display in the pet store. It reminded her of the first line of a book her dad used to read her as a kid. I was the saddest dog you could ever see. Sad ‘cause no one wanted me. The pet shop window was my jail, the sign behind me said, “For Sale.”

“I’ll take her.” A voice said from behind her as another pair of arms picked her up and cradled her more gently than the girl before had. His green eyes shone brightly as Jen felt her tongue hanging out the front of her mouth no matter how hard she tried to pull it back in. Her heart beat wildly in her chest as she realized it was the young man from the advertisement. Now here he was gently holding her up to his chest. Her thin tail wagged violently back and forth uncontrollably as he held her up at eye level while she took in the sweet aroma of his cologne. He was everything she had imagined he would be: kind, gentle and caring.

He gently petted and ruffled her hair with his hand as she wrapped her arms around him and tried to resist the bizarre urge to lick his face.

“Are you sure you want that one?” The store clerk asked before adding after a second of thought, “She seems a bit…off.” Jen was surprised when a deep growl escaped her lips. “We have lots of other animals, both regular and anthro, to choose from.”

“No, she’s perfect! Yes you are, yes you are!” He said scratching under Jen’s chin as her head instinctively rolled back to allow him more access. Was it the games doing, or did it really feel this good to have her chin scratched? Her smile faltered though when she saw him pause and sniff the air. “I think someone needs a bath though.” He looked her up and down taking in her wet clothes and skin as she hung her head and whimpered. Her long copper spotted ears fell forward as her eyes fell down to the floor.

“Dumb dog peed herself earlier right on the floor.” The clerk said sounding more than annoyed that he had to clean it up. “And here anthros are supposed to be more intelligent than regular dogs.” Jen growled again. It wasn’t her fault that little girl from earlier had squeezed her so hard. “There’s newspapers in there and everything.” The clerk continued.

“Maybe she’s just to young to understand. I’m sure she doesn’t enjoy being wet and cold so maybe she’ll catch on quick. I’ll just have to work on it with her.” He said patting her head before setting her in an empty cart. “Now what should I call you?”

Jen was a little taken aback when the world around her stood still when he asked that. Other people were completely frozen mid step as if time had stopped she noticed as she looked around feeling a bit confused. An in game message soon appeared asking if she wanted to be called by her avatar name or something different. She thought about it for a moment going back and forth in her mind. Jen didn’t really seem like a very good name for a dog, so she typed Jenny into the prompt before the world returned too normal just as quickly as it had stopped.

“Hmm, how about Jenny?” He said pushing the cart around the store acting as if nothing had happened. “You look like a Jenny to me.”

The clerk walked them around the store pointing out everything he would need to buy in order to own a pet anthropoid dog while Jenny quietly sat in the basket. Her eyes lit up when he put a Frisbee along with a few chew toys in the basket with her. She found it took a surprising amount of will power not to stick them in her mouth right then and there. Next came dog food, new clothes, and to Jenny’s disappointment, puppy training pads. He wasn’t really going to make her use those, was he?

“You know some anthros can even be trained to use the toilet.” The clerk said.

“Oh, really?” Her future owner said sounding bit surprised as he stared at the pads in the basket and then at her. “Do you think I should put these back?”

“She’s quite a ways from that point. You should still get them.” The clerk said talking over her meek, “yes.”

Jen looked up when the basket came to a stop in front of a bin of different colored collars. Her eyes grew wide with excitement. This was what she had been waiting for. She had imagined being on the end of his leash so many times and now her fantasy was finally coming true. She watched eagerly as he dug through the bin looking for one while occasionally holding up one for Jen to see. They were all kind of plain and boring she though until she saw something shiny towards the bottom as she eagerly pointed to it.

“Hm?” He asked trying to see what she was pointing at. “Oh, this one?” Jen nodded her head as he smiled and set it in the basket. She held the purple bedazzled collar in her hand as he pushed the cart to the register and began unloading his purchases. “Sorry, I need that.” He said smiling apologetically as he set it on the counter.

Jen frowned as she watched the puppy pads get scanned, bagged and set next to her. He would let her use the bathroom once he figured out she could, right? The only things that had really changed about her were her ears, nose, tongue and the fact that she now had a tail that seemed to have a mind of its own. Well, that and there was also the strange desire to stick her nose and sniff this man in inappropriate places. Other than that though it seemed the rest of her was the same.

When he had finally paid for everything and they stepped outside, Jen got a full taste of just how much her senses had changed. There were so many different smells that assaulted her nose all at once; it was almost overwhelming. So many trees and bushes nearby gave off peculiar scents. It wasn’t just her sense of smell that had been altered but also her hearing as well. She could swear up and down she could hear people talking from all the way across the huge parking lot as if they were standing just a few feet away.

“Are you going to be a good girl if I set you down?” He asked. Jen nodded her head as he smiled before picking her up out of the basket and setting her down on her bare feet on the pavement beside him. Her eyes widened in surprise, she knew she was smaller now, but she hadn’t realized she had shrunk this much until she stood besides him and only came up to his waist. She felt like a small child standing next to her daddy, but she guessed that’s how the game was supposed to make you feel. She was only a puppy they had said. He dug through the basket for a bit before pulling out the collar before kneeling down until he was at eye level with her. She smiled shyly as her heart beat in her chest with excitement. He gently wrapped it around her neck before cinching it up so that it fit snugly around her neck, but wasn’t too tight. He stuck two of his fingers in the band just to make sure it was comfortable enough for her.

Jen reached up and touched the collar with her hands smiling as she did so. So this was what it felt like to be masters pet. Next he attached a leash to her and held it in his hand. “Sorry, you have to be on a leash at all times outside unless you have a work dog permit.”

“It’s okay.” She said shyly.

“Oh, so you can talk.” He said grinning widely. “I thought you might have been too young. I guess you’re just shy is all.” He lightly rubbed her head before bending down again and tried tugging down her shorts.

“S-stop!” Jen yelled backing up as much as she could before feeling the leash pull her back.

“But I need to get you out of those wet clothes, it’s okay. I’m not going to do anything weird.” He explained as she bit her lip anxiously.

“Not out here.” She mumbled but he had already begun tugging her wet shorts down.

“Go on and step out.” He said calmly as he pulled out a few wet wipes as she whimpered in embarrassment. “That’s it, good girl. Do you want to try going to the bathroom before I get you cleaned up?” Bathroom? He was going to take her to the bathroom? Now was her chance to prove to him she could use a toilet, and now that he had brought it to her attention, she did have to pee a bit ever since she had stepped outside. She slowly nodded her head. “Good girl, let’s go.” He said leading her by the leash as she slowly hobbled along trying to use her shirt to cover her lower half. Her face fell when he stopped in front of a patch of grass. She just stood there looking up at him like he was crazy. “Go on, didn’t you say you had to go?”

“Not here.” She mumbled shyly.

“Oh, right, well, how about you lead and I follow?” He asked thinking that she wanted to sniff around a bit first before finding the perfect spot to do her business. Dogs were funny that way after all. She thought about it for a second before nodding her head in agreement as she tried to walk back into the store and find the bathroom, but was suddenly stopped by the leash. “Where do you think you’re going?” He asked with a smile while gently pulling her back.

“Bathroom.” She mumbled pointing back towards the store. For some reason she couldn’t quite get many words out, or really say more than one word at a time for that matter.

“This is your bathroom now.” He said gesturing to the outside vegetation as she looked up at him with a frown. I’ll hold it.

“I’m fine.” She said in defeat. He seemed disappointed in that answer, but shrugged his shoulders while retrieving something from one of the bags. She could hear the rustling plastic as she tried to peek at what he was getting. I hope it’s a chew toy. She was disappointed again when he pulled out a puppy pad and set it down on the front seat.

“How about I take you to your new home?” He asked picking her up as if she were weightless and setting her in the front seat on the pad.

“Why?” Was all she managed to get out while poking at it with her finger.

“Just in case is all. You seem a bit confused with where you can and can’t go. You were also a bit unsure of whether you had to go.” He said while doing her seatbelt for her. “Don’t want you to get my car seat wet if you have an accident on the way home.”

“I won’t.” She said confidently before he closed her door and got in the other side.

###

Jen never knew a simple car ride could be so fun! She moved her head back and forth while staring out the closed window as everything whooshed by. She had long given up on trying to keep her tongue in her mouth as she panted happily as she watched the world go by. A quarter of the way through the ride her master had even opened the window for her so she could stick her head out and feel the breeze in her face. She raised herself off the seat as much as she could and tried to stick as much of herself as she could out the window. She was having so much fun she hadn’t even noticed what was happening down below.

“Hey, hey! You’re leaking! Sit back down on the pad.” He said putting a hand on her shoulder and forcefully, but not painfully, pushed her back down on the seat. Her face turned bright red with embarrassment as she realized in all her excitement she had dribbled a bit down her legs.

“I’m sorry!” she cried feeling mortified with herself. Had she really just gotten so excited over a car ride that she had wet herself a little? Just…just like a dog… He rolled the window back up as she hung her head in shame. She got a better smell of the car now that her senses weren’t being overwhelmed, and she had to say, something smelled good. Really good in fact and something deep inside herself wanted to make it hers. She sniffed the air trying to find its location.

“Watcha smell?” He asked.

“Pine?” She said feeling confused as she looked out the window. There were no pine trees around here. Finally she looked down and discovered the source. It was the pad she was sitting on. “It’s this.”

“Oh, they must be scented to make puppies want to use them.” He explained. Almost as if on cue she felt her bladder suddenly give a jolt. Was the smell making her have to pee so suddenly? She kind of had to go when she got in the car, but nowhere at this level. It was as if her body wanted her to pee on the pad just as he had said. This is what dogs must go through when they mark their territory she realized. No way, she had more control of herself than that. “Are you okay?” He asked when she had suddenly gotten very still. “You’re not getting car sick are you?”

“No.” She said quietly jamming her legs together as a small whimper escaped her mouth.

“What’s the matter?”

“Bathroom.”

“Why didn’t you go when I offered?” He asked with a sigh.

“Not bathroom.” She said. “Toilet.” His eyes widened in realization. She was trying to go to the bathrooms inside the store.

“You’re toilet trained?” He asked surprised as she nodded her head. “I thought when you were trying to go back to the store you were trying to get to the newspapers because the clerk mentioned that was supposed to be your bathroom. I’m sorry. I’ll let you use the toilet when we get home.”

“Thank you.” She mumbled as she lightly squirmed in the seat. The once fun drive now felt like torture, not to mention they had managed to get every light red so far. He stole glances at her as she rocked back and forth while clutching herself. She whimpered unintentionally every time she felt little bits leak out between her legs. Once they had pulled up to yet another red light, he asked her if she wanted to hop out and just go on the street, but she refused.

“You’re quite timid, aren’t you?” He asked before fingering the thickness of the pad she was sitting on. Could it save his seat if she couldn’t make it? By the looks of things she wasn’t going to. “Jenny, I know you don’t want to, but you can always just go on the mat you’re sitting on. That’s what it’s there for.” He said.

“Not toilet.” Jen said as she continued her struggle. His offer was so tempting. Her master had just told her it was ok to just empty herself right then and there plus the smell of the pad still called to her.

“But it is.” He said. “They’re portable pads for puppies, and what are you?”

“A puppy.” She mumbled feeling her desire to hold it slowly ebb away.

“There will be lot’s of other times to prove to me that you can use a toilet. It’s okay if you want to let your animal side win.” He said. He reached an arm over and gently rubbed her back. The moment she felt his touch her body relaxed against her will and she slowly began to leak onto the pad, before giving up and allowing her body to relieve itself. “That’s a good girl.” He said softly while continuing to rub her back as she sighed in contentment as a single thought flashed through her mind. Mine.

*007*2015-11-24 21:21

Thanks guys :D I wanted to show what it would be like playing a virtual novel, but that obviously wouldn't fit in the Sphere story line.
