Airman Megan Sparrows wetting as ordered

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-03-23 01:59

Megan’s Severe Problems

“The Truck Ride”

Warning!

May add chapter two if anyone is interested to see the aftermath and what develops later in the story. I had more thinking about this, but I’m not sure if anyone would really like this kind of story as it’s very humiliating and terribly hard on the poor young lady in the situation. I also realize that this lady seems quite innocent and a bit helpless… as do many of the characters that I portray when I write. Remember, this is only a fiction and you don’t have to read it.

“Airman Sparrows!”

“Yes sir?” the five foot three athletic toned young woman with dark golden hair and balanced chest bulges pressing through her smart light blue button down top nearly jumped when the sergeant had come up from behind her.

“Do you know where the new storage unit is?” the sergeant was a man in his forties with a neatly trimmed moustache and darker brown hair that rested just above his ear line. His barrowed chest was like steel because of course he was physically fit for military duty as well. He had grey piercing eyes and a demeanor of power about him.

Megan smelled his cologne and his clean laundered shirts and felt almost intoxicated with him, but he was at least ten years older than she was, and she knew there could be nothing more than just a fling with a man like that. Besides, she thought he was also married with kids, and that thought kind of turned her off. She needed someone that would be devoted to just her, but she did like his quick to laugh personality and his serious attention to detail.

“No sir,” she looked up into his eyes with her shiny blue ones. She was standing as straight as she could, and just being out of basic training, she still wasn’t sure when she was allowed to relax, and when she supposed to pretend with the military bearing.

“Well,” the man with three stripes on curving under a white star behind a blue field and three stripes that peaked above the same star one both of his upper sleeves smiled. “I guess today is your lucky day because I’m going to take you to show you where it is.”

“Yes sir,” she said in a soft but audible voice that was laced with hesitation. She had heard that it took nearly three hours to get there, and that meant that she would not be back in time to spend her usual lunch hour with her friends.

“Don’t worry,” he laughed misunderstanding her hesitation for fear of the unknown. As far as he knew, this was the first time she’d been off of the base since arriving about three weeks ago after basic training. “It’s not that big a deal getting off or back onto the base, and this trip will do you some good.”

“Yes sir,” she smiled up at him a little scared to sound disappointed. “So, are we going there for something specific?”

“Of course, we are out of a few supplies, and the delivery truck will be at least a week, so we need to pick up a few things we need.”

Megan nodded.

Sergeant Powell then looked at Sergeant Peterson, who was a tall man with black curly hair. “I’ll expect you to run the office.”

Sergeant Peterson had only one strive above the star and three under it. He nodded his head and then as he started giving the daily assignments out to the others, Powell took Megan’s eighteen year old hand, as though she were a child, and directed her to the large truck.

Megan wasn’t sure why he didn’t have one of the boys going with him instead of her, since a boy would be more help in loading and off-loading the truck. But whatever the reason, she was going to escape getting muddy that day.

She had remembered to wear her blues that day, as that was not the usual dress for work at her line of work, but the sergeant had told her to wear them on this day.

“If I’m in blues,” she said once the truck was moving down the road. “How do you expect me to help you load the truck?”

“You aren’t going to load the truck. You are just along because we have to go in pairs, and you are the only one that doesn’t know where the place is yet. If I had sent you for something, you wouldn’t know where to find it.”

Megan looked down. That was true enough.

“Besides, since you are new, I thought I’d try to ease you into the work environment. You must feel overwhelmed being at your first duty station after basic.”

Megan nodded silently.

“I must say, you are sharp at dressing yourself in blues. A lot of young people have trouble with it out of boot camp.”

“Really? It’s so obvious and natural to me,” Megan said not really trying to brag, but just being the smart young lady she always was, it made perfect sense to her to dress her best when she was in something like a suit.

“Yeah, really,” he chuckled. “So, as you know, we are not allowed to use the government vehicle to stop along the way for anything. When we get on the other base, we can stop in there to eat lunch by walking to the business section of the base while they are loading the truck for us.”

“How far is it to the other base then?”

“It’s just about three hours. So are you paying attention to where I’m turning? You will have to drive back.”

“What? But I am not qualified on this big of a truck yet.”

“You have your driver’s license with you, don’t you?”

“Yes sir.”

“And I’m with you, so there’s no problem.”

Megan gulped.

“Pay attention or you’ll get lost,” he warned her.

Megan watched as they turned left just after the gate for the base.

Powell was also in his blues. Apparently, it was viewed as unprofessional for them to go to another base in their ACU uniforms when they were driving along public highways. There was always the idea that others were watching them, so the Master Sergeant wanted to look good. Actually, Megan could not remember one time when Sergeant Powell had worn ACUs, the green battle dress, since she had started in the shop. The others in the shop always wore ACUs, but not Powell.

They turned the radio on for about an hour and drove listening to the news and some music. It was a nice relaxing ride until Megan’s bladder started to nag her. She just remembered that in her rush to get ready in the morning and set everything just right about her uniform, she had neglected to use the toilet, and now at nearly nine in the morning, her bladder was starting to tell her that it was a mistake to get ready before going to the bathroom.

“Excuse me, sir?” Megan asked.

“Yes, Airman? And you don’t have to call me sir all the time. I’m not an officer. Call me Sergeant Powell, or if you prefer, Charlie is my first name.”

“Yes sir,” she looked at him with bright eyes, and she saw his eyes narrow as she responded with the usual military catch phrase.

“Sir?” he asked her.

“Sorry, Sergeant Powell.”

“That’s better. Now, what is it you wanted?”

“Can we possibly stop for a minute at a convenience store or something?”

“I already told you, didn’t I? We are not allowed to take a military vehicle anywhere but to the intended destination and back. When we get to the other base, you and I can walk to get something to eat or drink.”

“It wasn’t that,” she whispered feeling a little ashamed that she found herself in this predicament.

“Then why did you want to stop?”

“I… it’s okay. I’ll wait.”

“Airman, tell me your problem.”

The way he had looked at her just then, scared her a little bit, and she looked up with those bright shiny eyes. “I’m sorry. I just wanted to use the ladies’ room.”

“Well, you can go when we get to our destination. They’ll have one there.”

“Sir? I mean… um… Sergeant Powell? Why are we not allowed to stop at a convenience store?”

“Waste,” the sergeant replied without taking his eyes from the road. “Even if it’s on the way, the appearance of fraud and waste is in the public lime light right now, so we are being told not be caught with even looking like we are somewhere without a good reason if we are using a government Vehicle.”

“I see,” Megan whispered. She wasn’t sure she was going to be able to wait two hours, but if the sergeant said she had to, she wasn’t sure she could do anything else. He had a logical reason for it, though it seemed a bit strict to her, to think that they couldn’t even take a bathroom break.

10:35: Megan started to feel the pressure really nagging her abdomen and she massaged her stomach with her left hand the truck rumbled down the nearly deserted highway—one lane going in either direction.

“Are you okay, airman?” Sergeant Powell turned to look at Megan for a second.

“Yes sir. I just have to use the bathroom really bad.”

“I thought you were awfully quiet. You know I’d stop if I could, but as you can see there isn’t even any place to stop, and we would also be in trouble for misuse of a government vehicle even if there was a place.”

“I know. I can wait,” she gritted her teeth and whispered.

“Are you embarrassed?” he pressed.

Megan nodded.

“Don’t be. You aren’t the only one to have ever been in that situation. Just wait until we get to the base, even if you have to hold yourself to do it, and you can go when we get to the storage yard.”

“Yes sir,” Megan whispered, but still kept only her left hand on her stomach and her right hand at her side, though squeezing it into a fist at times and relaxing it at other times. She didn’t want to look like a desperate school girl in front of her ranking officer.

A few cars passed them, some with children in them, and Megan was momentarily taken back in time to when she was fifteen years old and on a family trip. It was one of the worst car rides she had experienced in her young life, and one that she’d never forget.

At that time, she was very nervous, shy, and embarrassed about asking to stop, even to her father. She had learned a very terrible lesson on that day, one that she would never forget.

She was in the back seat with her younger brother, and she was starting to wiggle her legs. Her brother had seen her wiggling a little and it made her stop and hold her knees tightly together. She didn’t want anyone to see her desperate in those days. Her younger brother, who was twelve, made her even more nervous as he saw her wiggling.

“What am I going to do?” she remembered thinking. If she asked her dad to pull over, everyone in the car would know she had to pee, and her younger brother, who had not asked yet, might make fun of her. Also, she would have to tell her dad, to even get him to stop, and she felt guilty telling him about personal things like that. She had to just wait. There was no other option.

A sudden bump in the truck brought her back to the situation at hand. The Sergeant was still driving along at about fifty-five. Surely, they were allowed to go sixty-five or even seventy? Why was he going so slow?

“And you kind of speed up?” Megan asked Powell.

“I’m sorry, but government trucks have a regulated speed. As we are not going to an emergency, I have to keep it under fifty-five.”

“It is an emergency,” Megan thought to herself as she felt the sharp pains of shooting nerves trying to get her bladder to release. Still, she said nothing. She had already embarrassed herself enough just alerting the sergeant to her needs. She couldn’t be a child about it. He already knew what she wanted to do.

Megan closed her eyes, and went back to her daydream. For some reason, being in the day dream, though a bad memory to be sure had somehow numbed the constant pressure in her abdomen. She went back to that day, where she remembered doubling over just moments before the hissing started.

Bad idea! She shouldn’t remember that! That would surly make it harder to wait. She tried to think of another memory, one that didn’t end in her wetting.

10:50: “Airman, you need to open your eyes,” the sergeant called over to her. “It’s unprofessional to appear to be sleeping in the truck while it’s moving.”

Megan shifted her position to a more alert one, but when she did, she felt her bladder jolt. She wasn’t sure she could wait much longer. How much longer? The clock had just turned to 10:50. That meant she still had about another hour to wait!

“What would happen,” she mused to herself, her whisper just barely audible.

“What would happen if what?” the sergeant had heard her.

“Nothing,” she blushed. She was already tempted to put her hands between her tightly closed legs. She could feel the tingling that tickled the opening in her bladder trying to get it to open, and her legs were not only closed together as tight as they could get, but they were shaking with effort as her knees pressed into one another.

“Does nothing have to do with you wetting your pants?” the sergeant suddenly surprised her.

“Huh?” she looked over at him, her eyes narrowed at him for a moment wondering what he was thinking as he had asked that ridiculous question, though truth be told, that was exactly what she was thinking.

“I asked if you are about to pee your pants,” Powell was a bit louder and stern.

“No. No. NO!” She was more forceful with her answer as she responded each time.

“Good,” Sergeant Powell continued looking at the road. “I’d hate to have to deal with a little girl on this trip.”

Well, that was definitely out. He’d just told her that he thought only a little girl would do that, so she could not do that! What was she going to do? Only if there were a container in the truck or something she could use to keep from wetting the seat or her pants.

The sergeant slid his eyes her way without turning his head. Truth be told, he was a little curious about whether she really was going to wet herself or not, but as she had stated she wouldn’t so loudly and forcefully, he decided bringing it up again might be the same as sexual harassment.

11:05: Megan was starting to sweat from her hairline. Her eyes were darting around the clean truck floor. There was nothing to relieve her pressure, and her left hand finally gave in and reached between her legs to push itself up into her growing under her squirt. The feeling was intense, and though the main reason for putting her hand there was to stop the pee coming out, she couldn’t help but feel a little heated as her fingers rubbed her privates for that relief.

The sergeant smiled. He knew that she was now on the brink, and that maybe she was doing something else that might help her hold it. She might be doing something quite naughty indeed, and if she was, he could maybe blackmail her with that, even if not because she was going to wet her pants. It had been his intention all along to get her by herself and to ask her to talk to him after work sometimes.

Asking her to talk wasn’t sexual harassment after all, was it? And if he just hinted that he knew what she was doing, and made her felt he might say something about it, could persuade her to talk to him, it wasn’t really misusing his power, was it? Well, maybe it was, but she surely would be too ashamed to tell anyone about that.

11:15: Megan was now sliding her legs up and down and using both hands to try to put pressure there, but the added pressure made her get her panties wet with something else. She was feeling steamy, and she was sure she smelled of girl, and she knew that the sergeant was right there, but it was the only way to keep from wetting her pants and humiliating herself. She dug deeper into the cloth of her nylons and her panties, trying to get as far into her vagina as she could.

Sergeant Powell could barely keep his attention on the road. He smiled as she carried on, pressing, and breathing heavily and shaking her legs to the pleasures and the pressure she felt. He kept glancing at her, and because of that, he lost a little speed going only about 45 miles an hour. The young woman next to him had the cutest expressions of heavy panting as she tried to relieve herself, now in two ways instead of one.

Could he use this against her? Of course he could. Now, it was her fault that sexual harassment was present. He could claim that she was sexually harassing him by playing with herself in full view of him, and it was true that at this moment, his stick was getting long and hard causing his trousers to tent against it.

11:35: Megan finally started to feel oozing juices flowing into her panties because she was extremely ready to do something more. She knew that she couldn’t while he was there, and just rubbed the juices into her panties as she continued with her ruse of just trying to keep from wetting. As she started to calm down, knowing she couldn’t go any further, her need to pee had doubled. She was now, feeling uncomfortably moist in her panties, and she was about to leak some. It was pressing upon her like a boulder on her stomach.

“How much longer?” she asked the sergeant.

“About forty minutes,” he replied.

“Forty minutes?” she asked alarmed. “I’m not going to be able to wait that long. Please, maybe you can just pull off the side of the road?”

“Are you kidding me?” he turned to face her with mock anger in his eyes.

The eyes had worked on her. She suddenly felt ashamed and scared, and the fear had made her whole body tremble, even causing a small squirt to slip down her little watering pipe and dampen the already moist fabric of her panties.

“I’m sorry,” she said immediately.

“How old are you?” the man asked her as though he would an older child.

“Eighteen,” she answered feeling too much fear and shame at what she had asked to notice that he was talking to her as if she was a child.

“Eighteen, and asking to pull your pants down along the highway where just anyone can watch you? You are either acting like a little kid, or a slut! Which is it?”

“A little kid,” Megan chose the lesser of the two evils.

“Do you want me to treat you like one?”

“No,” she shook her head.

“Then stop it. You having to pee so badly is your own fault anyway,” he went on relentlessly.

“What?” she asked.

“I noticed you touching yourself. You should know by now that when a girl makes herself that hot, that she usually has to pee! Don’t you think that was a dirty thing to do to me? You basically pretended to have sex right in front of me!”

Megan’s eyes went wide.

“Perhaps I should report you to the authorities for sexual harassment!”

“No! Please! I’ll do anything!”

“Anything?” he asked her.

“Anything!”

“Well, let’s see how you behave on the rest of the trip, and maybe we can work something out.”

Her head bowed in shame. She sat quietly and tears leaked down her face. Then, her body betrayed her, and a hissing sound sent urine all over her bottom and the seat of the truck. She just kept looking down, worried about what he was going to decide to do with her.

*003*2012-03-24 06:01

Tempest, are you an officer, or perhaps do you work in an office.

I know that BDUs were being phased out like 20 years ago, and I thought the ACUs had replaced them. I got out in 1994.

You are right, I forgot where the middle part of the stripes were... but that means the E-2's stripe goes behind the star, too, not under it, right?

Actually it should be three under and three through the star? one over the start is a senior master sgt, and two over is a chief, right? I made some mistakes.

I know that he would be in trouble... if he got caught! The thing is, he is trying to make it look like she's the bad one, so she won't tattle on him. ;) But he's kind of a bad guy.

The people in the engineering section would still use BDUs or ACUs for everyday dress because they are getting in the mud a lot, especially the plumbers. They wouldn't wear blues for that kind of job. Unless they have completely contracted that part out to civilians now, which I doubt. What do you do for war training? Surely you have to wear some kind of fatigues for war training?

Sorry about my memory lapses. It has been a very long time! :D I do know that even when I was in, though, that sexual harassment was not tolerated, which is why I attempted to make it a big point in the story... but reverse. :D...

I am also making fun of the idea that soldiers are so restricted in how they can use GOVs because the President and certain generals can use AF ONE and other things that take even more gas, and for vacation at their leisure, but the grunts get in trouble even if the place they are going to is on the way to some place they HAVE to go to. :D

I'll try to revise the story as I think about how to write chapter two.

*004*2012-03-24 06:25

Megan’s Severe Problems

“The Truck Ride”

Warning!

May add chapter two if anyone is interested to see the aftermath and what develops later in the story. I had more thinking about this, but I’m not sure if anyone would really like this kind of story as it’s very humiliating and terribly hard on the poor young lady in the situation. I also realize that this lady seems quite innocent and a bit helpless… as do many of the characters that I portray when I write. Remember, this is only a fiction and you don’t have to read it.

As I cannot Edit the story in the first part post, because of time limits for edits, and Tempest has pointed out some errors, I have edited the story. I am also working on the next section of this story:

“Airman Sparrows!”

“Yes sir?” the five foot three athletic toned young woman with dark golden hair and balanced chest bulges pressing through her smart light blue button down top nearly jumped when the sergeant had come up from behind her.

“Do you know where the new storage unit is?” the sergeant was a man in his forties with a neatly trimmed moustache and darker brown hair that rested just above his ear line. His barrowed chest was like steel because of course he was physically fit for military duty as well. He had grey piercing eyes and a demeanor of power about him.

Megan smelled his cologne and his clean laundered shirts and felt almost intoxicated with him, but he was at least ten years older than she was, and she knew there could be nothing more than just a fling with a man like that. Besides, she thought he was also married with kids, and that thought kind of turned her off. She needed someone that would be devoted to just her, but she did like his quick to laugh personality and his serious attention to detail.

“No sir,” she looked up into his eyes with her shiny blue ones. She was standing as straight as she could, and just being out of basic training, she still wasn’t sure when she was allowed to relax, and when she supposed to pretend with the military bearing.

“Well,” the man with three stripes on curving under a white star behind a blue field and three stripes that peeked out from the edge of the same star on both of his upper sleeves, smiled. “I guess today is your lucky day because I’m going to take you to show you where it is.”

“Yes sir,” she said in a soft but audible voice that was laced with hesitation. She had heard that it took nearly three hours to get there, and that meant that she would not be back in time to spend her usual lunch hour with her friends.

“Don’t worry,” he laughed misunderstanding her hesitation for fear of the unknown. As far as he knew, this was the first time she’d been off of the base since arriving about three weeks ago after basic training. “It’s not that big a deal getting off or back onto the base, and this trip will do you some good.”

“Yes sir,” she smiled up at him a little scared to sound disappointed. “So, are we going there for something specific?”

“Of course, we are out of a few supplies, and the delivery truck will be at least a week, so we need to pick up a few things we need.”

Megan nodded.

Sergeant Powell then looked at Sergeant Peterson, who was a tall man with black curly hair. “I’ll expect you to run the office.”

Sergeant Peterson had only one strive above the star and three under it. He nodded his head and then as he started giving the daily assignments out to the others, Powell took Megan’s eighteen year old hand, as though she were a child, and directed her to the large truck.

Megan wasn’t sure why he didn’t have one of the boys going with him instead of her, since a boy would be more help in loading and off-loading the truck. But whatever the reason, she was going to escape getting muddy that day.

She had remembered to wear her blues that day, as that was not the usual dress for work at her line of work, but the sergeant had told her to wear them on this day.

“If I’m in blues,” she said once the truck was moving down the road. “How do you expect me to help you load the truck?”

“You aren’t going to load the truck. You are just along because we have to go in pairs, and you are the only one that doesn’t know where the place is yet. If I had sent you for something, you wouldn’t know where to find it.”

Megan looked down. That was true enough.

“Besides, since you are new, I thought I’d try to ease you into the work environment. You must feel overwhelmed being at your first duty station after basic.”

Megan nodded silently.

“I must say, you are sharp at dressing yourself in blues. A lot of young people have trouble with it out of boot camp.”

“Really? It’s so obvious and natural to me,” Megan said not really trying to brag, but just being the smart young lady she always was, it made perfect sense to her to dress her best when she was in something like a suit.

“Yeah, really,” he chuckled. “So, as you know, we are not allowed to use the government vehicle to stop along the way for anything. When we get on the other base, we can stop in there to eat lunch by walking to the business section of the base while they are loading the truck for us.”

“How far is it to the other base then?”

“It’s just about three hours. So are you paying attention to where I’m turning? You will have to drive back.”

“What? But I am not qualified on this big of a truck yet.”

“You have your driver’s license with you, don’t you?”

“Yes sir.”

“And I’m with you, so there’s no problem.”

Megan gulped.

“Pay attention or you’ll get lost,” he warned her.

Megan watched as they turned left just after the gate for the base.

Powell was also in his blues. Apparently, it was viewed as unprofessional for them to go to another base in their BDU uniforms (camouflaged) when they were driving along public highways. There was always the idea that others were watching them, so the Master Sergeant wanted to look good. Actually, Megan could not remember one time when Sergeant Powell had worn BDUs, the green battle dress, since she had started in the shop. The others in the shop always wore BDUs, but not Powell.

They turned the radio on for about an hour and drove listening to the news and some music. It was a nice relaxing ride until Megan’s bladder started to nag her. She just remembered that in her rush to get ready in the morning and set everything just right about her uniform, she had neglected to use the toilet, and now at nearly nine in the morning, her bladder was starting to tell her that it was a mistake to get ready before going to the bathroom.

“Excuse me, sir?” Megan asked.

“Yes, Airman? And you don’t have to call me sir all the time. I’m not an officer. Call me Sergeant Powell, or if you prefer, Charlie is my first name.”

“Yes sir,” she looked at him with bright eyes, and she saw his eyes narrow as she responded with the usual military catch phrase.

“Sir?” he asked her.

“Sorry, Sergeant Powell.”

“That’s better. Now, what is it you wanted?”

“Can we possibly stop for a minute at a convenience store or something?”

“I already told you, didn’t I? We are not allowed to take a military vehicle anywhere but to the intended destination and back. When we get to the other base, you and I can walk to get something to eat or drink.”

“It wasn’t that,” she whispered feeling a little ashamed that she found herself in this predicament.

“Then why did you want to stop?”

“I… it’s okay. I’ll wait.”

“Airman, tell me your problem.”

The way he had looked at her just then, scared her a little bit, and she looked up with those bright shiny eyes. “I’m sorry. I just wanted to use the ladies’ room.”

“Well, you can go when we get to our destination. They’ll have one there.”

“Sir? I mean… um… Sergeant Powell? Why are we not allowed to stop at a convenience store?”

“Waste,” the sergeant replied without taking his eyes from the road. “Even if it’s on the way, the appearance of fraud and waste is in the public lime light right now, so we are being told not be caught with even looking like we are somewhere without a good reason if we are using a government Vehicle.”

“I see,” Megan whispered. She wasn’t sure she was going to be able to wait two hours, but if the sergeant said she had to, she wasn’t sure she could do anything else. He had a logical reason for it, though it seemed a bit strict to her, to think that they couldn’t even take a bathroom break.

10:35: Megan started to feel the pressure really nagging her abdomen and she massaged her stomach with her left hand the truck rumbled down the nearly deserted highway—one lane going in either direction.

“Are you okay, airman?” Sergeant Powell turned to look at Megan for a second.

“Yes sir. I just have to use the bathroom really bad.”

“I thought you were awfully quiet. You know I’d stop if I could, but as you can see there isn’t even any place to stop, and we would also be in trouble for misuse of a government vehicle even if there was a place.”

“I know. I can wait,” she gritted her teeth and whispered.

“Are you embarrassed?” he pressed.

Megan nodded.

“Don’t be. You aren’t the only one to have ever been in that situation. Just wait until we get to the base, even if you have to hold yourself to do it, and you can go when we get to the storage yard.”

“Yes sir,” Megan whispered, but still kept only her left hand on her stomach and her right hand at her side, though squeezing it into a fist at times and relaxing it at other times. She didn’t want to look like a desperate school girl in front of her ranking officer.

A few cars passed them, some with children in them, and Megan was momentarily taken back in time to when she was fifteen years old and on a family trip. It was one of the worst car rides she had experienced in her young life, and one that she’d never forget.

At that time, she was very nervous, shy, and embarrassed about asking to stop, even to her father. She had learned a very terrible lesson on that day, one that she would never forget.

She was in the back seat with her younger brother, and she was starting to wiggle her legs. Her brother had seen her wiggling a little and it made her stop and hold her knees tightly together. She didn’t want anyone to see her desperate in those days. Her younger brother, who was twelve, made her even more nervous as he saw her wiggling.

“What am I going to do?” she remembered thinking. If she asked her dad to pull over, everyone in the car would know she had to pee, and her younger brother, who had not asked yet, might make fun of her. Also, she would have to tell her dad, to even get him to stop, and she felt guilty telling him about personal things like that. She had to just wait. There was no other option.

A sudden bump in the truck brought her back to the situation at hand. The Sergeant was still driving along at about fifty-five. Surely, they were allowed to go sixty-five or even seventy? Why was he going so slow?

“Can you kind of speed up?” Megan asked Powell.

“I’m sorry, but government trucks have a regulated speed. As we are not going to an emergency, I have to keep it under fifty-five.”

“It is an emergency,” Megan thought to herself as she felt the sharp pains of shooting nerves trying to get her bladder to release. Still, she said nothing. She had already embarrassed herself enough just alerting the sergeant to her needs. She couldn’t be a child about it. He already knew what she wanted to do.

Megan closed her eyes, and went back to her daydream. For some reason, being in the day dream, though a bad memory to be sure had somehow numbed the constant pressure in her abdomen. She went back to that day, where she remembered doubling over just moments before the hissing started.

Bad idea! She shouldn’t remember that! That would surly make it harder to wait. She tried to think of another memory, one that didn’t end in her wetting.

10:50: “Airman, you need to open your eyes,” the sergeant called over to her. “It’s unprofessional to appear to be sleeping in the truck while it’s moving.”

Megan shifted her position to a more alert one, but when she did, she felt her bladder jolt. She wasn’t sure she could wait much longer. How much longer? The clock had just turned to 10:50. That meant she still had about another hour to wait!

“What would happen,” she mused to herself, her whisper just barely audible.

“What would happen if what?” the sergeant had heard her.

“Nothing,” she blushed. She was already tempted to put her hands between her tightly closed legs. She could feel the tingling that tickled the opening in her bladder trying to get it to open, and her legs were not only closed together as tight as they could get, but they were shaking with effort as her knees pressed into one another.

“Does nothing have to do with you wetting your pants?” the sergeant suddenly surprised her.

“Huh?” she looked over at him, her eyes narrowed at him for a moment wondering what he was thinking as he had asked that ridiculous question, though truth be told, that was exactly what she was thinking.

“I asked if you are about to pee your pants,” Powell was a bit louder and stern.

“No. No. NO!” She was more forceful with her answer as she responded each time.

“Good,” Sergeant Powell continued looking at the road. “I’d hate to have to deal with a little girl on this trip.”

Well, that was definitely out. He’d just told her that he thought only a little girl would do that, so she could not do that! What was she going to do? Only if there were a container in the truck or something she could use to keep from wetting the seat or her pants.

The sergeant slid his eyes her way without turning his head. Truth be told, he was a little curious about whether she really was going to wet herself or not, but as she had stated she wouldn’t so loudly and forcefully, he decided bringing it up again might be the same as sexual harassment.

11:05: Megan was starting to sweat from her hairline. Her eyes were darting around the clean truck floor. There was nothing to relieve her pressure, and her left hand finally gave in and reached between her legs to push itself up into her growing under her squirt. The feeling was intense, and though the main reason for putting her hand there was to stop the pee coming out, she couldn’t help but feel a little heated as her fingers rubbed her privates for that relief.

The sergeant smiled. He knew that she was now on the brink, and that maybe she was doing something else that might help her hold it. She might be doing something quite naughty indeed, and if she was, he could maybe blackmail her with that, even if not because she was going to wet her pants. It had been his intention all along to get her by herself and to ask her to talk to him after work sometimes.

Asking her to talk wasn’t sexual harassment after all, was it? And if he just hinted that he knew what she was doing, and made her felt he might say something about it, could persuade her to talk to him, it wasn’t really misusing his power, was it? Well, maybe it was, but she surely would be too ashamed to tell anyone about that.

11:15: Megan was now sliding her legs up and down and using both hands to try to put pressure there, but the added pressure made her get her panties wet with something else. She was feeling steamy, and she was sure she smelled of girl, and she knew that the sergeant was right there, but it was the only way to keep from wetting her pants and humiliating herself. She dug deeper into the cloth of her nylons and her panties, trying to get as far into her vagina as she could.

Sergeant Powell could barely keep his attention on the road. He smiled as she carried on, pressing, and breathing heavily and shaking her legs to the pleasures and the pressure she felt. He kept glancing at her, and because of that, he lost a little speed going only about 45 miles an hour. The young woman next to him had the cutest expressions of heavy panting as she tried to relieve herself, now in two ways instead of one.

Could he use this against her? Of course he could. Now, it was her fault that sexual harassment was present. He could claim that she was sexually harassing him by playing with herself in full view of him, and it was true that at this moment, his stick was getting long and hard causing his trousers to tent against it.

11:35: Megan finally started to feel oozing juices flowing into her panties because she was extremely ready to do something more. She knew that she couldn’t while he was there, and just rubbed the juices into her panties as she continued with her ruse of just trying to keep from wetting. As she started to calm down, knowing she couldn’t go any further, her need to pee had doubled. She was now, feeling uncomfortably moist in her panties, and she was about to leak some. It was pressing upon her like a boulder on her stomach.

“How much longer?” she asked the sergeant.

“About forty minutes,” he replied.

“Forty minutes?” she asked alarmed. “I’m not going to be able to wait that long. Please, maybe you can just pull off the side of the road?”

“Are you kidding me?” he turned to face her with mock anger in his eyes.

The eyes had worked on her. She suddenly felt ashamed and scared, and the fear had made her whole body tremble, even causing a small squirt to slip down her little watering pipe and dampen the already moist fabric of her panties.

“I’m sorry,” she said immediately.

“How old are you?” the man asked her as though he would an older child.

“Eighteen,” she answered feeling too much fear and shame at what she had asked to notice that he was talking to her as if she was a child.

“Are you a child or a soldier?” he gave her a particularly hard look making her feel uneasy.

“A soldier!” she responded.

“Unless you want me to treat you like a child, stop it. You having to pee so badly is your own fault anyway,” he went on relentlessly.

“What?” she asked.

“I noticed you touching yourself. You should know by now that when a girl makes herself that hot, that she usually has to pee! Don’t you think that was a dirty thing to do to me? You basically pretended to have sex right in front of me!”

Megan’s eyes went wide.

“Perhaps I should report you to the authorities for sexual harassment!”

“No! Please! I’ll do anything!”

“Anything?” he asked her.

“Anything!”

“Well, let’s see how you behave on the rest of the trip, and maybe we can work something out.”

Her head bowed in shame. She sat quietly and tears leaked down her face. Then, her body betrayed her, and a hissing sound sent urine all over her bottom and the seat of the truck. She just kept looking down, worried about what he was going to decide to do with her.

*005*2012-03-24 23:37

“The Humiliation of Stopping”

The truck finally approached the gate that closed off the base to common passers-by with a young man in a blue uniform not unlike the master sergeant or like Megan, but he had two stripes running through the stars of his uniform.

The young man stepped to the driver’s side window and held out his hand to see the military identification cards. Master Sergeant Powell had already had his out and put it into the waiting soldier’s hand.

“I need to see hers, too.”

“Alright,” Megan blushed as she slipped her hand into the skirt pocket feeling the vinyl of the brown card case that she kept her card in was damp. She looked at the floor as she passed the card towards the master sergeant who then took it and placed it in the young soldier’s hand.

He passed the cards back, and looked at the master sergeant with knitted brows. “So what is your purpose?”

“Picking up supplies.”

“That young woman over there okay?” he asked Powell as he realized that Megan didn’t want to look up at him, and kept her legs quite stiffly together trying to hide her wet accident.

“She’s fine,” Powell chuckled. “She just peed herself like a child is all.”

“What? That’s a bit odd!”

“Yeah, I know. It’s not your concern though, is it?”

“No sir. You are free to pass.”

Powell eased the truck forward and left the guard staring at the truck from behind still probably thinking about what he had heard.

“Did you have to tell him I peed myself?” Megan whispered mortified that he had told someone like that.

“Well, if you had been a little more natural about it, I wouldn’t have had to say anything, airman. Once we get to the supply store, I’ll have you run this work order in so that they can load our truck.”

“I don’t want to go in there,” Megan looked up at him with pleading eyes.

“What’s the difference?” he looked straight back at her. “You are going to have to leave the truck anyway so we can go to the base exchange and get you some clean clothes since you can’t possibly wear that wet skirt back to our base.”

“I’m… going to have to walk all the way… across the base like this?”

“I’m afraid so. I certainly don’t know what your sizes are, and you need to come with me so you can have lunch anyway. Now, go in and at the far left, you’ll see a glass window where you can present this paperwork.”

The truck had been backed up to a dock that allowed the people that would be loading the truck to do so without having to lift anything up. Megan looked down at her lap, holding the work order as Powell climbed down from the driver side and walked around to open her door.

“Come on, airman. Don’t get make things worse for yourself by disobeying orders too.”

Megan climbed down from the truck, her face even more rosy as she climbed the steps next to the open dock and walked in towards the direction that Powell had pointed. Then, as he went off somewhere, who knows where, she walked to the glass door feeling like every worker in the warehouse was looking at the back of her skirt.

Megan saw a window at the height of a desk, and a young woman behind it. She knocked on it to get her attention because the young woman was turned around and talking to someone else in the office behind her.

“May I help you?” the young woman slid the glass open.

“Yes, ma’am. I’m here with Sergeant Powell. He told me to give you this for our truck.”

“Sergeant Powell?” the young woman looked at Megan with concern. “Are you okay?”

“Yeah… I’m fine. Why?”

“Oh, nothing. Let me see the list.”

Megan handed her the list, and the young woman turned and handed it to two young men who she was earlier talking with. They quickly left the office through the door at the left side of the window to go start collecting the things for the truck.

Megan stood there a little uncomfortably, worried about what people behind her were thinking. She suddenly felt a hand brush her skirt and she jumped. When she looked up she saw Powell’s face.

“Want to go get cleaned up?” he asked her.

Megan nodded her face, which had started to fade of its rosy color, took on color again. She hated that he had asked her right in front of the other young woman.

Without further ado, he put a hand heavily on her shoulder and directed her through the warehouse and out the front of it where several people gaped at her when they noticed her wet skirt. They walked around the front of the building, down the busy street, and about twenty minutes later, arrived in the small business section of the base. There was the base exchange where she could by new clothes, the bowling lanes, a couple of restaurants, and the base credit union.

“Let’s go and get you some clothes first of all,” Powell suggested. “Do you need to withdraw some money?”

Megan looked down. She hadn’t thought about needing money, but she knew she didn’t have enough in her account to get a new skirt and everything else that make her professional.

“What’s wrong, airman?”

“I don’t have any money for this,” tears came to her eyes.

“Well, I suppose I could help you out, but if I do, then you’ll owe me a favor.”

Megan looked up at him. “Couldn’t I just pay you back with money?”

“Well, if you want,” he shrugged. “But if you think that it’s just a small one time loan, then don’t expect me to help you again. However, if you do me a favor, then you can ask for my help anytime, and you won’t have to pay me with money.”

Megan thought about it a moment. She wasn’t sure she liked his idea of repaying him with a favor. A favor could mean anything, but then, as an Airman just out of basic, she really didn’t have money for a new uniform even if she intended to pay him back for it. “What favor do you want?” she asked of him before deciding.

“Nothing too hard,” he smiled at her. “You see, our squadron needs an extra bowler for our team. If you will join our squadron team, we can call it even.”

Megan didn’t know that it was illegal for a supervisor to force the airmen to do things outside of duty hours, so she shrugged and nodded. It would be better to be forced to have fun than to have to worry about money she didn’t have.

She nodded.

Powell smiled at her. “Let’s get you some clothes then.”

Megan felt the back of her neck sweating, her arms sweating, and her face starting to run with beads of perspiration. How many people were looking at her wet skirt as she walked into the military mini-mall? She walked next to him while he took her to the women’s area.

“Pick out some panties, hose, or whatever you need to be professional,” he told her. “Don’t worry about the cost. I want to make you comfortable so you can drive back to the base. As for the seat, I should buy a blanket too. I don’t want to sit in your mess.”

Megan looked down and ashamed. She hated to be reminded of what she had done. It was bad enough that she felt very aware of everyone staring at her not to mention the cold feeling down her legs and around her butt and privates.

They finished getting the things she’ need, and he picked up a blanket for the seat and they went to the front to pay. She wished they had the truck so she could go hide in it while he paid, but they didn’t. All she could do, was stand there trying to look normal while everyone kept peeking a second or third time to see if she had really peed herself like a kid.

When they got to the front, the cashier looked at her after she rung it up and told her the price.

“I’ve got it,” Powell said pushing her further ahead so he could pay. “She’s wet her pants, so I had to get her some clothes,” he stated the obvious. “Can she maybe change here, somewhere?”

The woman cashier gave Megan a dirty look, but she pointed to the back. “I think the manager will let her, if you explain it to him.”

Powell took the newly purchased items and walked back to the back with his hand on Megan’s shoulder. She could feel him treating her like a little kid. Still, what choice did she have? She was wet like one, and it was terrible to be in that situation because of something she had done. She couldn’t get angry at him for helping her, could she? A tear slid down the right side of her face.

“Sergeant Williams?” Powell knocked on the manager’s office door.

The door opened and a younger man looked up at him, but not as young as Megan. He had been in the Military for at least five years, for he had the rank of Staff sergeant, one stripe under the three that disappear behind the star which was white.

“I was told I might be able to ask you?” Powell looked him in the eye. “My airman wet herself.”

“Oh, what did you want?”

“I purchased some clothes for her, but she needs a private place to change.”

“She can use my office.”

“Thanks.”

Megan wasted no time in getting in there and changing herself. She felt the clammy sticky panties peel from her bum as she pulled the cloth down. Her skirt was almost dry in the back, but it still looked stained. She was relieved to get it off.

Half an hour later, they were at a restaurant across the street, and Megan looked at him with her shiny eyes. She was a little scared of what he’d spread around about her.

“Sir? Can you please not tell everyone at work what happened?”

“Is that what you want, airman?”

She nodded.

“Well, I suppose it wouldn’t be very professional to tell everyone what you did, but airman, if I do you that favor, promise to obey me when I tell you to do something?”

Megan looked at him trying to read what he might ask of her. She wasn’t sure she liked where this was going. But after a few moments, she nodded. Whatever he asked of her, it couldn’t be worse than everyone at work laughing at her for peeing her pants.
