The Cornfield Maze - Page 2

Author: SashaButters

*025*2016-06-15 19:21

Final part

It was a rough night. Mario called the police station and said I made a confession. There were lots of tears as the police came and took me away, but I’ll never forget the look on my dads face and the words he spoke to me, “I’m so proud of you for being brave.” He had never said those words to me. Those words have kept me going all this time.

Apparently, it wasn’t just the murders I forgot, or the abuse, or the miscarriage, but a whole six months of my life was missing. It never clicked until my first night at California State Hospital. As I lay out on the hard, uncomfortable sleeping mats that passed for beds and stared up at the dull grey ceiling did more memories come back. I had been here before. I had spent five months here my 10th year of school. This place, this god forsaken, horrible place, where the screams and shouts of patients echoed through the halls. This place for the mentally insane is what caused me to lose my memories. This was the reason I fell behind in school. How had I lost so much time? Not all of it came back mind you, but enough to fully come to terms with the fact that I really was responsible for the death of my mother.

It was the worst night of my life. I cried until I made myself sick to my stomach. Then I cried some more. How could I live with myself? How could I live with this immeasurable guilt that suffocated me? No normal person could ever function knowing they were responsible for someone’s death. It was clear my father was not to blame. Only a monster could continue to go on with their day-to-day lives as if nothing had ever happened. Only a monster like me…

My three “cell” mates eventually got tired of my inconsolable, anguished cries and paged an orderly. They came and sedated me with an injection to the neck. Before I went under I told them I didn’t want to live anymore. I told them I wanted to be left for dead and buried in the field I had abandoned my own mother.

I woke the next day unable to move my arms. I struggled to sit up in my drug induced haze. Now this. . . this wasn’t so bad. I could live like this. Keep it coming guys, I thought, I can’t feel the pain. Maybe, if it wasn’t for the over whelming nausea that wet my throat when I moved, I could just stay like this. Even the uncomfortable bed wasn’t so uncomfortable anymore.

A few hours later I woke up needing the bathroom. The drugs had worn off a bit and I was able to sit up. My first thought when I looked around the room was the realization that this wasn’t the room I had fallen asleep in. Instead of two bunk beds in an eerily clean room that smelled of disinfectant, I found myself in a padded cell by myself. No bed, no toilets, no… anything. My arms were tied around myself in a permanent hug. I really couldn’t move; it wasn’t just the drugs.

“Hello?” I called out. “Hello!?” I kept yelling and shouting until someone finally poked their head in. “Where am I?” I asked.

“The safe room. It’s where we keep patients who are prone to self injury or physical violence.” He explained. His voice was monotone and showed no emotion to my situation. It was as if he had seen girls locked in a straight jacket every day. Then again, judging by my environment, he probably did.

I was confused to say the least. It wasn’t until later that I remembered making the comments that I did, but at the time, the last thing I remembered was hurling into our rooms shared toilet.

“Can you take me to the bathroom?” I asked.

“No, you stay here for another 16 hours.” He said. His eyes showed no sign of what was expected of me. His face showed no expression. I furrowed my eyebrows and looked around the room. “Someone will be here later for cleaning.”

He turned and left me, before closing the door. I heard the locking mechanism that made me all the more aware of my situation. After a while I began to struggle against the jacket more for something to distract myself with. It wouldn’t budge and after a while, all I had managed to do was hurt my shoulder. I laid back down as the fear of my future began to creep in, along with the ever present pulses of my full bladder. I closed my eyes and went back to sleep, hoping the problem would take care of itself. Their problem if I make a mess, I thought as I drifted back to sleep. It didn’t work.

I awoke to someone coming in pushing a cart of tubs and washcloths. Without a word they knelt beside me and unbuckled a few straps. I tried to help her by getting free on my own, but she admonished me with a, “Don’t move!” I tried to lie still, but it was too hard with a full bladder. She called me a, “squirmy one.” Her voice was also flat; it was a bit unnerving.

She moved a few straps out of the way, looked at me and said, “You’re clean.” She began to buckle me back in, but my squirming made it difficult. She took in my movements for a few seconds before asking if I was new.

“What?”

“Are you new?” She asked again much less patient than before.

“Y-yes!” I stuttered out. I clamped my knees shut, and that’s when I became aware of just what I was wearing.

“Go.” She ordered. Seriously? That’s disgusting! It was one thing to do it on accident, but to do it purposefully . . .

“Can you come back later?” I mumbled. I didn’t think I could do that with someone watching if I tried.

“I’ll come back in the morning when I make my rounds again.” She said and motioned to leave.

“Woah woah woah! No, no, please. Okay, I’ll do it.” It was easier than I thought it would be, but the clean up process was every bit as humiliating. The water in the bucket was like they had melted ice, and the orderly’s movements were full of years of pent up aggression. The ordeal had reset my tear ducts. By the time I heard the click of the locks I was full on bawling again. Food was offered, but I declined it every time. By the third passed meal, they threatened to mark me down with an eating disorder. I never acknowledged their threats. It couldn’t be any worse than being labeled a homicidal maniac. Turns out it was. After being force fed, I ended up spewing spaghetti in the corner and down the front of myself. I was later marked as a “purger”.

It wasn’t as bad once they had let me out of the quiet room. I was released from the jacket and led to the showers to get cleaned up. I still had spaghetti down my chin and neck. They stood and watched. I hated every minute of it, but getting cleaned was worth it.

My freedom from hospital diapers was short lived after I wet the bed the night I was released from my padded cell. I suspect my fellow inmates narced on me, because while I stood in line with the others for nighttime medication, I was handed a cup of pills along with a hospital diaper. It was nothing like the discreet bed wetting pants I had back at home. I really did try to put it on, I did. I just couldn’t in my drug induced haze. I tried asking for pull ons, but they said this was all they had. So every night was the same routine. They’d hand me one, and I’d throw it away. My roommates must have complained about the smell, because an orderly followed me to the bathroom and made me put it on. After the fifth time I dropped it, they got impatient and did it themselves. Once again, the humiliation was too much as hot tears fell from my eyes.

The days themselves were very structured. Wake up at 6:30, shower with an audience, brush my teeth, and eat what they passed for breakfast. Since I had an eating disorder marked off on my chart, I would be made to finish everything on my plate—even if I detested it. I envied the people who only got to eat half and leave. I would be left sitting long after everyone else had gone still trying to force it down my throat while an orderly sat and watched. Usually it was a drawn out battle of wills, with me being the loser. After breakfast the same orderly would follow me for an hour to make sure I didn’t forcefully throw it back up. It always comes out to say hello without any help thanks to my nightly doses of Seroquel and Abilify.

They said depending on the results of the trial; I might be allowed to go to the conjoined school and finish getting my high school diploma. For now though, my days consisted of psychiatric evaluations and group therapy’s. I was diagnosed with Dissociative Amnesia, and another dissociative disorder I can neither say nor spell. I could only recall a few spread out memories from my past stay, but they were few and far between. The psychiatrist said he remembered me, and he showed me my file and notes to prove I really was a patient here. He said I had made a lot of progress since my last stay. Apparently I was one of his more catatonic patients. He also said it might be why I don’t remember. This was also where my bed wetting problem originated.

We talked a bit, and he agreed to take me off the forced feeding list after we concluding it was the medications doing and not the two-finger weight loss program. It was the best news I had heard all week.

After recreation we were allowed to watch tv. One day I had caught a snippet of the news. I was on it. I was being portrayed as a cold- blooded killer by the district attorney. All eyes in the rec room turned to me. Mine however, were glued in horror to the screen. That’s when my dad came on. He vouched for me, just like he promised he would. He painted me as a good girl with a troubled past and mental illness. It was also when he announced he was running for mayor. He said my bravery was what gave him the final push towards facing his fear of campaigning. He said if elected he would devote his time into getting the city better funding for mental health facilities, and the towns police force.

It was his dream to be mayor, but when I asked him why he didn’t run, he said he just couldn’t. It was because of me. He didn’t want anyone looking deeper into our family history and digging up the truth about me. Now that the cat was out of the bag, he was free to run.

When he came to visit me, I asked him why he didn’t go with self-defense; he admitted the evidence pointed to first-degree murder. If I didn’t get an insanity plea, I was looking at life in prison without the possibility of parole. The thought that I would pre-meditate my own mothers murder sent my stomach into tight knots.

After three weeks I stopped crying during the day, and after two months, I stopped crying myself to sleep all together. The days blurred into each other until it was no longer a horrid and awful place. It was just where I lived. I had a lot of roommates in and out until it seemed they stuck the long timers in together. My “family” as they called the bunkmates, consisted of a paranoid schizophrenic woman in her thirties who routinely accused us of reading our minds and selling her thoughts to the government, a twenty year old with head trauma, one middle aged women who routinely went streaking down the halls in the co-ed section (she says it’s because of her hot flashes) and me-- a first degree murderer.

The girl with head trauma, Alicia, seemed the most normal out of the others, so I spent most of my time with her. She said she could only remember events for a week before she forgot them so she spent many hours writing things down and keeping a journal. She said she liked to lie and write something crazy down every day because she’d forget about it in a week.

When she went back later and read through it she’d always get a kick out of it. She showed me last months entry. On Tuesday an escaped Hippo tore through the cafeteria and gobbled up all the food. I told her that one was true, but it wasn’t very nice to call Greg, the front security guard, a Hippo because he was over weight. She laughed and wrote a note about it in the corner. When she got to one page, she scanned it and quickly flipped to another before I could read it. We play fought over it until I managed to gain control and flip the page back. Apparently the “girl who wets herself in her sleep” was caught in the supply closet masturbating with a broom.

I heard her mumble an apology, but I told her, “For your information, that broom handles name is Steve, and our relationship is none of your business.” We laughed for a bit, until she suddenly leaned over and kissed me. I pushed her off of me lightly. She seemed hurt, but I knew she’d get over it in a week. “You’ll make Steve jealous.” I whispered.

“I don’t care,” she whispered back. She leaned into me again, but I didn’t push her off that time. She was my first love. We broke up three days later when she remembered she was dating someone else. I was heart broken. In another week, we were back to being friends writing notes in her journal. That was how I got into writing. It was an escape from my circumstances. I wrote novels in my spare time when I wasn’t in group sessions and kept a diary to keep myself sane. I wrote of the adventures of other girls with mental health issues. Sometimes they were also bed wetter’s; sometimes they weren’t. It helped me cope. One chronicled the adventures of an 18-year-old girl living in a dystopian future wrongly accused of murdering her brother because she too had a Dissociative Identity Disorder. Alicia liked that one best. I spent my days lost in the world of my mind dreaming that someone too would come save me and tell me it was all a misunderstanding. But it was nothing but a dream.

When the trial finally came almost a year later, I was given the best verdict possible thanks to my father; innocent by reason of insanity. It was a tough and emotionally driven trial. My injuries and health records were released to the public and my past was hung out like dirty laundry. The world knew of my diagnosis, they knew of my repeated rape, the miscarriage, the bed wetting, and my abandonment. It stirred up more memories and more pain than I care to admit. I received many letters of support, along with just as many letters wishing for my execution. The prosecution painted me as a menace to society, a calculated and cruel killer trying to play the sympathy card. My psych took the stand and said I was not a violent person now that I was under correct care and supervision. I was, as he said, a victim of my circumstances. Unfortunately, it did not mean release.

I’m twenty-one now. I’m sorry I made it seem like the events were currently happening to me, but a few years of have passed.

Things got better when my dad got elected mayor. He moved me to a private center instead of a state run hospital. It’s still far from ideal, but I have Internet access now, which is how I’m writing to you all. I even have my own room instead of sharing with three others. In comparison to where I came form, it’s like a resort. It’s amazing what money can get you. I spend my days working on my novel from the scattered papers I brought with me.

It was hard for my father to visit me, and I know he was super busy being mayor. It makes me happy to hear from him though. I always looked forward to his calls. He told me he’s thinking of running for governor in a few years. I told him I wished could be there cheering him on from the side, but he reminded me the reason he even gets to run at all was because of my bravery that night. My heart swelled with pride, it made me feel so much better. But all that changed one day.

Things would have been good (not great, but good) if she hadn’t come! Why did she have to do this to me? I was content not knowing! I had made peace that this was my life now. This is what I deserved! She ruined everything!

Bella came one day to visit. I hardly recognized her. She seemed sad. She was no longer her chirpy, ditzy, student self. She told me she had graduated college and gotten married. I told her “that’s great!” but she just shook her head.

“I can’t sleep, I can’t eat. Knowing what I did to you is tearing me up inside!” I wish I had told her to leave. She kept going. “I have to tell you the truth.”

I cocked my head to the side in confusion. “What are you talking about?”

She whispered. “That night all those years ago out in the cornfield. We went to the police station to report what we saw, but we were drunk. Detective Gonzales blackmailed us the next day. He said if we spoke a single word of what we saw, he’d arrest us for under age drinking. I couldn’t have that on my record, Rachel, I’d lose my scholarship.”

I stared at her, unwilling to speak.

“Did you know that detective and your dad were best friends in high school?” I shook my head. “Rachel, they tampered with the video, it was fake. The first one you saw was real. It was a man that night in the mask. They made me. . .” She broke down in sobs in the visitor’s room. Some others stared at us. I was trying to process what she was telling me.

“But I really had repressed memories! I was hurting myself! I’m mentally ill!” I said. “I just repressed the murders, right?” It’s what I had told myself for so many years! I repressed them with everything else, and I was lucky that I didn’t remember. But here was someone from my past telling me everything I knew was a lie? Again?

“Just because you have a mental illness doesn’t make you a killer.” Tears spilled down her eyes. “I can’t live with myself keeping this from you. You deserve to know the truth.” She leaned in and whispered in my ear. “You didn’t kill your mom; your dad did.”

*028*2016-06-15 20:44

I have this story on reddit no sleep. Just throwing in a little bit of a book promotion ; D

*032*2016-06-16 04:24

{{6 minutes ago, Yurushite said:

So I suppose that means the ending described here is non-canon, therefore not a spoiler. Phew.

Also, you got me with the 'it was the father' ending. I was convinced it was either herself or the detective. Go figure.

}}

But it already happened? She was in the mental ward because her parents thought she killed Brian.

*038*2016-07-07 23:56

Hey, so it's contest time on Reddit nosleep for stories written in June. Winner gets $50 and their story read on their podcast. This is the story I submitted, except on Reddit it's called I Found Something Disturbing While Metal Detecting.

If you have a minute, I would appreciate it if you followed this link. https://www.reddit.com/r/NoSleepOOC/comments/4rqty8/june_contest_nominations/

Typed in I Found Something Disturbing While Metal Detecting. Here is the link to copy in. https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/4mhlrb/i_found_something_disturbing_while_metal_detecting/

And the current upvote is 1,335

Please and thank you ^^

*040*2016-07-08 18:09

Thank you ^^

*042*2016-07-15 22:38

%https://www.reddit.com/r/NoSleepOOC/comments/4t126c/june_contest_voting_thread/

Woo! I found something disturbing while metal detecting (The Corn Field Maze) got nominated for June's best story on reddit Nosleep. It made the top 20 out of a couple hundred stories!! Now the voting thread is open for the best story. Hint Hint nudge nudge.

