A fictional story set on holiday. - Page 3

Author: RagingPython

*041*2019-05-01 23:42

Chapter 15:

How did this happen? I thought to myself, as I sat there on a floor of marble tiles, with a beautiful girl wetting herself above me.

It took a moment to even realise what was actually happening, and it took another to realise I wasn’t dreaming. I never expected to have something like this happen. This actually wasn’t one of my biggest fantasies, or really a fantasy at all, but it sure was a hot experience.

I put my arms around Karen’s top half, which was within reach as she had landed roughly on my lap. I could tell she was crying, likely from a mixture of embarrassment, relief, and shock.

”I-it’s alright. I-I don’t mind...”, I said to her, as I felt the yellowish liquid forming a puddle around us.

Again, no reply, as she was preoccupied. So I waited. I waited until she had stopped, and then picked her up, and carried her into the bathroom.

I could still just about lift her, but she was getting pretty heavy. Luckily I’d spotted the bathroom at the end of the corridor, as I’m not sure I could’ve found it while supporting her weight. I went inside, and stood Karen up. I then twashed my hands, and wiped her eyes:

”Don’t cry. It’s fine. Anyone would’ve made the same mistake, I did myself the first time I came into one of these. You were so close to bursting, it’s no wonder you couldn’t withstand the shock of falling like that.”

“...s-sorry...”, she whimpered, still holding at herself with one hand, although there was nothing left to hold back.

“Really, it’s alright. Take your wet clothes off and have a bath, you’ll feel better once you’re cleaned up.”

”B-but... I got you dirty too... shouldn’t you go first?”

”Nope, you go first. That can be your reward for holding it back all day. There’s normally a shower by the pool in villas like these, I’ll go and use that.”

Karen smiled weakly, clearly upset yet still very relieved, and thanked me. She looked really embarrassed, and just stood there. I realised after a minute that despite earlier she still didn’t want to undress in front of me, so as much as I wanted to help her out and take her clothes off for her, I just grabbed a bottle of shower gel from the bathroom and left her for a bit.

I left the room, removed my own soaking trousers, and walked out though the living room onto the pool patio.

I was right, there was a shower. I walked over to it, removed my wet panties, took off my shirt and bra, storing the latter two on a table as they were dry, and turned the shower on.

IT WAS ICE COLD.

I’d suspected this however, most showers out here are, but I didn’t mind as I love the cold, especially when it’s so bad it makes you feel like you are going to freeze and your fingers go numb.

The sudden cold water made my bladder give a little twinge, nothing serious, but enough to remind me to empty it later. I knew I couldn’t interrupt Karen, mid-bath, so I was glad it wasn’t urgent.

I had the rest of my shower, and feeling thoroughly cold, wondered what to do next. I sat down on a sun lounger, although the sun was almost set, meaning it must be pretty late. Part of me felt like I should clean up the entrance, but at the same time I felt Karen would want to do it herself as she made the mess and would be embarrassed if she knew I’d risked touching it, even though she’d covered me in it earlier.

I warmed up a bit with the last of the sunshine, and dived right into the swimming pool. It was really big considering the size of villa, but then again they usually are. Especially out in the country when there’s little need for planning permission or to use the space for other buildings.

The cold-but-not-ice-cold water was lovely, and the reduced contrast between the air temperature (now that the sun was down) and the water temperature made for a less shocking experience. Of course, it was still cold, so I started doing some lengths.

“All of this cold water, especially compared to the warmth of all Karen’s urine, really makes me wish I’d gone for the shower first, so I could take a leak.”, I thought.

I kept swimming until Karen finished her bath and went looking for me. By then, my bladder was protesting to the water and was getting pretty jealous of Karen, who must be feeling quite empty, but I was kinda enjoying it and was thinking about having some fun with it later.

”W-what!? You went in the pool without me!”, said a seemingly outraged Karen.

”Yeah.”, I said, completely nonchalantly, and swam towards her.

”I really love that attitude of yours.”, she said, smiling, and revealing she’d been faking her outrage.

”Thanks. Most peopl-“

”You know what else I love about you?”, she interrupted, “Your cooking; what’s for dinner?”

End of Chapter 15:

Wow, this one got longer than I expected. I don’t mind though, it was great fun to write.

*043*2019-05-02 01:57

{{3 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That chapter was fun to read

}}

Thanks!

*044*2019-05-02 02:39

Chapter 16:

“You know, I was just wondering that myself. I’ll have to come in and check. Can you get some me a pair of my pyjamas from my bag?”, I said to her, knowing she wouldn’t want me to walk into the house naked.

”Fine. Do you want a towel as well?”

”Good point, I am going need one of them too. Thanks!”

Karen went inside and returned a minute later with the towel and pyjamas, before quickly heading back inside so as to avoid seeing me get dressed, despite the way I wasn’t hiding anything in the pool.

I dried myself off, and then redressed. It felt so good to be back in a pair of comfy pyjamas, I’ve always preferred them to clothes. I then walked into the kitchen, and was pleasantly surprised. All the cupboards were pretty well stocked, which is strange. Or at least, it feels strange to me. My family’s villa (we own in of 12 shares) never has anything in as the other owners are all rich old people who mostly own it for properly value, and then take everything they brought with them when they leave, even if it has to be thrown away as they can’t take it on the plane.

I put some bacon in a pan, enough for two bacon sandwiches, and went to the living room to check out the television.

Most people wouldn’t care about this, but I was very exited. Although in the UK where I live, and most of the world for that matter, a TV is a flat, black rectangle that produces images using a liquid-crystal display, or LCD, out here in Portugal CRT displays are still heavily used. I find this really cool, as when you walk through a town you can hear the telltale high-pitched hum they produce. Some people can’t hear it, but I can and I love impressing people by pointing out which houses on a street have CRT TVs.

I went over the have a look, as I collect these ancient relics. I didn’t intend to take this one, but I thought it’d be cool to take a look.

”Whoa!”, I shouted in amazement, causing Karen to run into the room, “It’s a KV-28FS! I haven’t seen one of these since 2005!”

”That’s what you are shouting about!?”, cried an angry Karen.

”Yes! Look at it! It’s like my KV-21X5U, but it’s in 16:9! And as it’s standard definition only it won’t have the common geometry/scaling issues of a HD CRT, which are normally the only 16:9 models you’ll find! I grew up with one of these too, I’ll have you know that these were basically the best you could get back in the early 2000’s.”

”Seriously?”, laughed Karen, who thought it was cute how I got so exited over outdated displays.

...

I returned to the bacon a few minutes later, having explained a massive amount of technical details to Karen, although I expect she didn’t understand half of it. Not everyone these days understands how awesome the crazy technology that goes into making one of these work is.

...

Within half an hour, we were sat on the sofa eating our sandwiches. I ate mine in about 2 minutes, I’ve always been a fast eater, but Karen took much longer. I spent the time tinkering with the TV’s service menu, after connecting it up to a DVD player and inserting a disc I had burned some test patterns onto.

”You know, I have no clue how or why you can spend so long messing with settings. It looks fine, even before you started trying to correct it.”, Karen said between bites.

”Because it’s not perfect! Back when I got my first Trinitron I spent 7 hours in the service menu to fix it. I even took the back off of it and risked 21kw to reattach some metal magnetic clips to correct some vertical bowing. I still haven’t heard the end of that with my mum. This set has a convergence issue on the left side, and don’t get me started on the vertical linearity.”

“This is why I use a normal, modern, TV. As much as you love CRTs, you wouldn’t have to do any of this with a modern LCD, admit it.”

”True. But these have better colours. And they handle retro games much better; until you’ve seen 240p/480i running on a real Trinitron you haven’t lived.”

”Remind me never to check out your setup at home.”

”Don’t be mean! When we get back home, I’m giving you the full tour.”

”Spare my life, please.”

”Come on, finish your sandwich.”, I yawned, “I’m getting tired, we should go to bed soon.”

End of Chapter 16:

*046*2019-05-02 03:51

Well I can’t sleep as I have one hell of a migrane also I’m just going to write more of this.

Chapter 16.5:

By the time Karen had finished her sandwich I was done correcting the linearity, some vertical bias to the bottom half and a hint of s-correction was all it took, so we both headed to the bathroom. We did our teeth, and Karen waited outside while I used the toilet. I was originally going to not go, but Karen was going to bed and I was tired so I decided against it and just went, I could have fun with it tomorrow, I walked into the bedroom, expecting a double bed and hoping for another night with Karen in my arms, only to be slightly disappointed that it was simple two singles on with a bedside table in the middle. They were a bit larger than singles, but not doubles. I could’ve fitted on one with Karen, but she climbed into a different bed to me and I was forced to accept that I’d be on my own.

I fell asleep almost immediately, luckily. I go through cycles between struggling to sleep, and being able to sleep easily. I also have the occasional period of extreme insomnia where I end up unable to sleep even after more than 48 hours of being awake, it’s how I managed my personal record of 56 hours. (Fun fact: I’m going through one of these now irl.)

End of Chapter 16.5:

I should’ve made this part of 16 to be honest, I forgot that my idea for 17 wouldn’t work unless it started from the beginning or a new chapter.

{{3 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic

}}

Thanks! I’ll probably be publishing 17 tonight too.

*048*2019-05-02 04:00

{{2 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Short but great chapter

}}

Thanks! It’s mostly just an addition to 16 to be better set the scene for 17.

*050*2019-05-02 04:48

Chapter 17:

“Hey, Dave!” called a familiar voice.

It was that of Joshua, one of my close friends.

I met him on reddit, you wouldn’t believe my surprise when we described the exact same event in an /r/askreddit thread, except my post was from a first person perspective and his was third, as I was the person causing the event being described. After that, we realised we lived in the same close. He still referred to me by the reddit alias I used at the time, Dave Robinson.

I walking home from school, and he started sprinting towards me. I thought he had gone home already, but apparently not.

”Yo, did you see the game last night?”

”You think I watch football? No, I was in London liberating a CRT Television.”

”Wait what, you don’t want watch football? I thought we all did...”

“Typical,’ I thought, as he completely missed my statement about CRTs. I was hoping he’d take the bait so I could bore him with the technical specifications of my new 14-inch portable.

“Why do you ask? Did something interesting happen?”, I questioned.

”Oh yeah, there was like the most amazing header, you wouldn’t believe it! He scored as well.”

”Well, I’m sure it was awesome.”

”A-anyway, I was wondering, do you wanna come over to my house?”

”H-huh!?”

”You know, come over. I thought we could play a game, or something. I recorded the football too, I could show you the tape.”

”Yeah, alright.”, I said, following him.

A lot of people I know would've said no, taking issue with a girl going round to the house of a guy she’d only met in real life 2 weeks ago, but he seemed really nice and I’d seen him for years, just never knew who he was, so I agreed to it despite not normally doing impromptu things like this.

...

A little while later, I was at his house. I went in, and he took me to his room. It was a pretty typical secondary school guy’s room.

”Y-you know, Dave...”, he started to say, his voice trailing off.

”What?”, I said, lying down in his bed and rolling over to face him.

”Do you want to go and get lunch together sometime!?”, he cried, obviously not used to asking people out.

”H-HUH!?” I yelled, surprised. I mean, I wasn’t exactly opposed to it, Joshua was a nice guy, and the gender of the person didn’t matter too much to be, at least back then.

”B-because...”, he continued, red in the face.

”I really...”

”L-L-“

His voice was drowned out by someone calling my real name. They called a few more times, their voice getting louder, until suddenly...

...

I was awake. Karen was standing over me, and I was in a dark room on a bed I didn’t recognise.

It took me a moment to realise I’d been dreaming. For a second, I thought I was still the glasses-wearing bookworm I used to be back in secondary school. A common thing for me is to relive memories though dreams, and I figured I must’ve experienced one of those dreams, but I forgot the events of it.

”Y-yes!?”, I shouted, sitting up, and narrowly avoiding hitting Karen’s head, which was still looking down at me.

”Can you come with me...”, Karen whispered, almost too quiet for me to hear her.

”Come with you where?”

”the... b-b...bathroom...”

”Really? You are an adult, right?”

”B-but it’s scary! It’s all dark!”

”Seriously? You are actually scared of the dark?”

”...y-yes... but it’s mostly being alone that I don’t like...”

“I can kind of understand that. Alright, I’ll come with you. Just give me a minute to get up.”

”O-ooh... okay. Don’t take too long though, this is kind of urgent.”

”Don’t even joke, not after earlier.”

I got up from the bed, and guided her to the bathroom in the dark. As silly as she is when she gets scared of little things like this, it does make her incredibly cute.

...

While I was standing guard outside in the corridor, I remembered what had happened in my dream. I’ve always remembered that day, as it was rather hilarious. Joshua asked me out, and I did go on a date with him later, but it was only after the date when he realised I was a girl. Turns out, he was gay, and somehow, after he met me on the Internet, and then in real life, he never figured out I was a girl for the whole 3 weeks leading up to that day. At the time, I had no idea how he managed it. Surely, he must’ve seen me use the girls’ room while I was with him, or something. Or even just heard my real name. Then again, I can’t remember if I ever told him my real name, and if I did he likely forgot it as he stuck to my reddit alias.

For 4 months, I thought he must’ve been joking, but then I did almost the same thing. I didn’t ask anyone out, but I asked a girl who I thought was a boy, in front of a full classroom of people, why she always did tasks the teacher assigned to the girls. She then said to me: “Because I am a girl?” I was very surprised, and confused, this boy I had known for 5 years was a girl. After that, Joshua’s misunderstanding made a lot more sense. Unfortunately, after he realised I was a girl, he wasn’t interested in dating me anymore. We stayed friends for a while, but he had to move at the end of Year 11, and I never saw him again after secondary school.

...

After a couple of minutes, Karen came out of the bathroom, and followed me closely back to the bedroom, her arm linked with mine.

I climbed back into my bed, and Karen seemed a little apprehensive and didn’t get back into hers.

”Don’t tell me... you are scared of going to bed in the dark?”

”...n-no!”, she objected, “I-It’s just cold in my bed... c-can I come in with you?”

”I’m sure that’s the reason. Of course you can come in, if you need to.”, I smiled, secretly happy about this.

”Honestly, you are as bad as my sister.”, I said, as she climbed in after me.

End of Chapter 17:

This one was fun. I took a lot of influence from real life events on this one, and based it much moreso on real experiences I’ve had.

{{10 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Awesome

}}

Good!

*052*2019-05-02 05:16

{{16 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Yesh loved that

}}

Thanks!

*053*2019-05-02 22:23

Chapter 18:

For the most part, sleeping with someone is awful. Or at least, it usually is for me. They take up half the space, make the bed too hot, move around too much, and worst of all a lot of people snore. But it’s a different story from my experience when I’m with someone I care about. With Karen, it’s an amazing feeling, her warmth spreading through me, and the feeling of her soft body... I love it.

Naturally, I was glad to have her in with me.

I tried not to act overly eager, I didn’t want her to get the wrong idea or anything.

But after a minute I was already moving in closer to her. Surprisingly, she didn’t take up all of the space on this rather small bed. Karen was of course smaller than me, but I thought it’d be more of a squeeze. She fell asleep quickly, like she usually does, and I started holding onto her like I usually would.

‘I’m so happy!’, I thought, glad to finally be able to begin my holdiday adventure with the girl of my dreams.

...

One thing I didn't normally pay much attention too about Karen was her chest. I knew it was bigger than mine, but I never thought too much about how much. But when she’s lying this close to you, it’s hard to forget about it as it’s being pressed right into your own. I think she was a DD, which is pretty large and I can’t imagine how hard it must be to carrying them around all day. While hers did make me a little jealous, it’d be hard not too, I was much happier with the practicality of my own size. I’m unusual in my family for actually being pretty small. Before me, the last like 4 generations of women, on both sidess of the family, and all of my female relatives, have had at least D cups.

My aunt, who granted is only 25% related to me, even had to have a reduction surgery at one point because she didn’t want to have to get her bras custom made, and because they were causing serious back issues she had to go to the doctors about. Watching back my old childhood videos, it’s very obvious when this happened. I don’t know the exact size, but my mum told me she was the equivalent of a G cup, something I didn’t think was even possible. In a way, you could say I got lucky for not ending up like my aunt.

Nevertheless, I couldn’t help but hope that Karen didn’t mind my lacking breast size.

...

Paradoxically, I struggled to go to sleep now. As much as I felt more comfortable with Karen here, I couldn’t sleep as easily. My mind, spurred on by the events of earlier today, went into overdrive and came up with a million fantasies about Karen.

I tried to take my mind off of her, but I couldn’t. With the subject so close, it was impossible to resist thinking about her and all the fantasies that came with it.

The fantasies I had were interesting, as while they were kind of sexual it wasn’t in the normal way. There’s a certain point where all my sexual knowledge just ends, and I’ve never bothered to learn the information I’m missing. For example, I know all about how sex between a man and a woman works, and I have a rough idea how it works for two men, but I have clue how it works for two women. You’d think I would, considering my sexual orientation, but I was never taught it in school and having never really researched anything or even watched porn (I doubt it’d help much though, they are pretty inaccurate from what I’ve heard.) I simply lack the knowledge. So any vanilla fantasises with Karen get up to a certain point and then don’t get any further as I don’t know what happens. Now that I think about it, maybe that’s why I enjoy omorashi so much, as I don’t understand what normal people find erotic.

I turned around, facing away from Karen. But it didn’t help, even facing away from her my sexually frustrated mind couldn’t resist the thought of what could’ve happened if she didn’t burst upon entering the house, maybe I could’ve lead her in and taken control of the situation, not letting her use the bathroom. I thought about the possibilities I would’ve had, maybe I could’ve lied down in bed with her and played with her a bit, watching her try in vain to stop her overflowing bladder letting loose. Maybe I could’ve made her drink more, and forced her to endure an even larger load... I could’ve lied down close, and I could’ve made out with her while she tried desperately to resist the burning desire for release...

“NO! W-what am I-I thinking!?”, I thought to myself, feeling my face going red, and suddenly feeling immensely guilty about my ‘perverted’ thoughts.

I knew these thoughts would remain purely fantasy, I could never act upon urges like these in real life. I’m simply not the kind of person. I’d feel so bad for Karen I wouldn’t be able to bring myself to be so mean to her, unless I knew she was into it, but there was no chance of that happening. But it still felt wrong, the mere fact I could even conceive of this. I still get it now, to an extent, but really it depends on how I’m feeling at the time.

“I’m probably the only person this side of London to be into this.”, I thought, with an air of disappointment.

”I expect I’m just a giant weirdo, or pervert, or something like that though. That’ll be why I’m the only one...”

As dirty and weird as I thought my fantasies were at the time, I expect most people would find them quite vanilla. Probably as a result of me not understanding how it works, I have very little interest in sex, and fantasies stay pretty pure, rarely going beyond the point of kissing and cuddling. A lot of people I know think/thought I’m strange for this, especially male friends, who dream of sex fairly regularly, but for me that’s well beyond the scope of my thoughts. Even the omorashi fantasies stay fairly vanilla, I was only starting to get into liking the idea of forcing someone to endure it, and I still mostly enjoyed innocent situations where the character just got caught short or chose to not go.

“I need to go to sleep, I can’t keep imagining me and Karen doing all th-these... th-these... ...things!”, I said to myself.

Trying to resist the urge to sate all my unsatisfied desires, I kept my mind as blank as possible, clutching onto Karen. Within a few minutes, I managed to fall asleep.

...

I woke up.

I was on my futon, my collection of CRT televisions surrounding me.

”Hang on... why on Earth am I back here? I thought I was in Portugal...”

I stood up, and unsure if I’d dreamt the last few days or if I was dreaming now, activated the nearest Trinitron and the PlayStation I had plugged in. A minute later, the title screen from Ridge Racer Type 4 was on screen, and I was able to perform some basic reality checks. I looked down and read the text on the screen. I looked up, and then back down to the text. It was completely different both times, and I realised.

”Oh, I’m dreami-“

I woke up.

...

End of Chapter 18:

*055*2019-05-03 05:25

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Fantastic chapter

}}

Thanks! I was a bit more worried about this one as I based this one more of what I remember from just after the events that inspired the last couple of chapters.

EDIT: 250th post! Yeah!

*056*2019-05-03 06:26

Chapter 19:

I was actually awake this time. I have dreams quite regularly where I will wake up in the dream and have full control of what I’m doing, like one of those controllable lucid dreams, but as soon as I realise I’m dreaming, either by a reality check like earlier or by simply noticing something is wrong, like my room being arranged differently, I’ll wake up almost instantly. There’s been 2 cases I remember where the dream didn’t end and continued, simply because I didn’t realise I was dreaming. There’s been 2 other cases where I realised I was dreaming and didn’t wake up, but my subconscious mind never thought to do anything cool like fly or anything.

I reached over the sleeping body of Karen to get my iPad.

“6AM? As always, going to a new villa messes up my sleep schedule.”, I said to myself, knowing Karen wouldn’t want to get up for another 4 hours.

At the time, during the holidays I’d normally end up with a completely nocturnal schedule, but I forced myself to stay mostly normal this time. I was waking up at 10AM. I know from experience however that every time I visit a villa my sleep schedule completely changes and I start waking up at 6AM. While normally I’d be pretty exited about this, Karen tended to wake up at 10AM like me, and woke up even later than that yesterday. I decided to let her sleep.

I turned towards her, I could feel her soft breath on my cheek. She really was cute when she was asleep, some people just aren’t, but luckily Karen was. Part of me wanted to just cuddle up with her again and go back to sleep, but another part of me knew that if I did that my sleep pattern would go out the window and I would end up nocturnal. So I just gave her a hug, and got out from under the covers.

...

I left our bedroom, got myself a cup of tea, drank it, and opened the patio doors to the pool area. The cold, early morning air struck me off guard.

“Whoa, I forgot how chilly it can be in the mornings. It’s worse near the ocean too... This is kinda cool though!”, I thought, stepping outside.

I took my glasses off, and placed them on the table. I did this last night too, but I only bring it up now as because as I had more time I went to my backpack and removed my prescription goggles, which allow me to see underwater as well as on land. It’s probably worth mentioning that I do wear glasses, and have basically the worst prescription in the world. I’m so short sighted I can’t read text 15cm away from my face unless it uses a big font. It’s actually quite funny when I’m visiting friends who also suffer the torture of wearing glasses (they are the bane of my existence, I have to constantly clean them.) and they ask to try on each other’s glasses, as most people fall over backwards the second they put mine on.

I took my pyjamas off, and dived right in. I used to bother with swimsuits when visiting villas when I was younger, but I realised when I was around 8 that it made no difference if I was covered up or not as no one was ever watching. The cold air outside made the ice cold pool less shocking, and is actually a pretty surreal experience as it feels almost like being at home, cold and wet. I swam for about an hour, waking myself up and getting some exercise done in the process, then I got out and dried off with a towel that was hung just inside the doorway to the villa. Normally I’d dry off using a sun lounger or something, but it was too early for that and it’d take forever. So I dried off quickly and put my pyjamas back on.

I went to the kitchen, looked around for something to eat, cooked two eggs and had boiled eggs on toast, and went to go and check on Karen. Much like my sister would, the second I’d got out of bed she’d spread out to fill the entire available space. I smiled at her with a chuckle, and left her to sleep.

I planned to wake her up around 9, and that left me with about an hour. I watched some TV, enjoying the improvements and fixes I’d made in the service menu, and read a book I found on a shelf. Before long, the hour was up, and I went to the kitchen. I had a drink, some lemonade I found in the fridge. I was feeling the tea I’d drunk earlier, so I couldn’t help but look at the bathroom with a slight longing as I walked past it, but I ignored it as I had plans later.

I walked into the bedroom, and lied down next to Karen, taking back some of the space she had filled.

“Mmmm... so soft... I could stay here with you forever...”, I thought to myself, looking at Karen.

I put my arms around her, pulling her into a hug.

”Karen? Karen, it’s time to wake up. It’s nearly 9 O’Clock.”, I whispered into her ear.

Karen moaned a little and tried to roll away from me. I was holding her, so I just had to turn her head back around.

”Come on, up you get. I’ve been up for hours, you wouldn’t want to waste your holiday asleep.”

Karen groaned and murmured to herself, slipping out of my arms and rolling over. She rolled too far, and started to fall off the bed, but I was able to catch her. Nevertheless, the shock woke her up.

”G-good morning... Rosalynne...”

End of Chapter 19:

*058*2019-05-03 23:45

{{16 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that chapter

}}

Thanks!

*060*2019-05-06 04:15

{{13 hours ago, Apertado said:

Great story! Waiting the next chapters anxiously.

}}

Thank you! I’ll be posting it tonight, sorry the lack of updates.

*061*2019-05-06 04:56

Fun fact: I’ve actually booked my real-life trip to Portugal for 2019 now! I’ll be flying out on the 15th of August, the day after my birthday. Unfortunately, I won’t be able to post for nearly 3 weeks after the 15th during the holiday as my villa doesn’t have internet and I can’t exactly write these when I visit cafes or whatever with WiFi. I’m really exited for it, although I won’t have any friends with me and I probably won’t have any stories to post here at the end like I have with other holidays, I’m going to finally explore the little village near where my family’s villa is for the first time. Somehow, over the last 23 years, I’ve never been down there without one of my parents (Really not sure how that’s happened) and I’ve only ever been down 4 specific roads since I was 9 months old. So this year, I’m totally going down there on my own and exploring everything as I’ve always wondered what the rest of the town looks like but have never got round to seeing it.

Anyway, on with the latest chapter:

Chapter 20:

“I can’t believe it took you nearly falling out of bed to wake you up. Actually, maybe I can, this is you we are talking about.”

”Don’t be mean!”

”It’s true though that you sleep even more than me. Remember that time you slept for 72 hours straight?”

”Y-yes...”, Karen mumbled with red cheeks, “But y-you’ve done th-that too!”

”Yeah, I did, after staying awake for 96 hours. That was one hell of an experience, but you just fell asleep on Friday and woke up on Tuesday, completely missing the weekend and bank holiday!”

”Alright... maybe...”, Karen begrudgingly admitted, having realised she was beaten. Of course, I hadn’t brought up the time when I slept for 72 hours in the exact same situation as Karen, but I still consider that a victory.

...

It had taken considerable effort to get her out of bed. After waking her up, I spent a few minutes talking to her and shaking her back awake whenever she started nodding off. After about 5 minutes, she finally took the covers off and stood up.

”Karen, now that you are finally up, put some pyjamas on or something and I’ll go cook breakfast. Get a swimsuit ready too, I’m teaching you how to swim properly today.”

She ignored me, and wandered towards the door.

”Where are you going?”, I asked her.

”Bathroom.”, she said back, and stopped in the doorway.

”Get dressed first, I know you and therefore know that unless I’m here to watch you you’ll climb right back in the bed and go to sleep. I don’t want to have to wait while you use the bathroom.”

”Fine... How impatient can you be?”, Karen grumbled, and put on a pair of shorts and one of those crop-top monstrosities that look like half a shirt.

”Very.”

When Karen was dressed, she skipped off towards the bathroom at a rate of knots. I think it’s less that she needed it, and more that her morning routine is so engraved into her mind that she always uses the bathroom every morning because she usually does, regardless of how bad she wants it. I don’t have this, as my routine and sleep schedule can vary wildly.

...

We entered the kitchen and I cooked her some Portuguese sausages that the owners of the villa had left, I had a couple myself, they were very nice.

”We’ll have to shopping tomorrow. Maybe even tonight.”, I announced.

”That’s fine, we can go on the way back from dinner.”, Karen tried to say, her mouth full of sausage.

”Well, that’s if we are going out. I don’t know any restaurants out here.”

”Good point, even Google Maps doesn’t know much about them in rural places.”, Karen claimed, unusually admitting a flaw in her modern technology.

”We should probably just go out into the village and explore, I’ve found some of my favourite Portuguese restaurants just by exploring. Like MiraRio, down by the Lutz road near Burgau.”

“Okay!”, excitedly shouted Karen.

...

After she was done eating, I opened the patio door and led her out to the poolside. She then turned right back around, shut the patio door and shutters, got changed inside; out of my view, and came back out.

”You know, you really don’t need to do all that. I’ve seen you naked before.”

”I-it’s still embarsssing th-though!”

”Nevermind. I still can’t believe you got to your age without the ability to swim.”

“S-shut up, I can!”

”Barely. And that’s only because I taught you last time we went to Horsham.

”Stop being mean and start teaching me how to get better already!”

I chuckled, and jumped right into the deep end of the pool. Of course, I’m so tall that the pool wasn’t that deep, but for Karen the deep end was still a scary prospect. She stood around shaking on the side of the pool.

”Come on, jump in! I’ll be here to help you if you sink.”

”B-but it’s scary!”

”Just jump. It’s not that hard. I can’t catch you as that would just hurt the both of us, but if you jump in and sink I’ll dive down and pull you up. But you won’t sink, at least not for more than a few seconds, as humans are very buoyant.”

”Can I just climb in the stairs?”

”No! Jump in, it’s way more fun. And using the steps is awful, you feel the effect of the cold water on your warm body for much longer as you slowly submerge yourself. It’s way better to jump.”

Karen stammered to herself, hesitating, and then surprised me by jumping right in. I sideswam to the right to dodge her, moving out of the way with perfect timing.

As I had suspected, Karen flew down to the bottom, and then immediately floated back up, into my arms as I was already waiting for her.

”Told you.”, I said.

”Told me what!?”, she cried, terrified and shaking.

”That you’d float. I’ve been swimming since I was 2 years old, I know how this works. I think I might even have been 18 months old when I first learned to swim properly.”

”Don’t boast. Just because your mum gave you swimming lessons...”

”No, she didn’t. Swimming lessons suck! All of my experiences with swimming lessons have been terrible! I learned it from scratch, by hand, no lessons!”

”Wait, really? How?”

”Well, when I was 6 months old Mum used to take me swimming, she’d mostly carry me in the water, but I got used to it and learned to kick my legs. When I was 1, Mum had me in a baby float jacket so I could swim around on my own and not sink. But then one day, when I was between 18 months and 2 years old, we were in Corfu, either that or Majorca, and we were trying to follow directions to a park. But we got lost, and the road deteriorated into a donkey path. However, Dad then saw a sign that said there was a beach down the hillside, and Mum decided she wanted to visit it. So they took me down this horrible crappy pathway down a cliff until we reached this tiny little cove. The beach was deserted, and looked practically untouched! No litter, no rubbish, no mess, just pure, whitish-yellow sand.”

”Hang on, you found a pristine, unknown, empty beach? And no one knew about it?”

”Yeah! And it gets better. We didn’t have any swimming equipment, so we just skinnydipped and enjoyed the ocean. Mum and Dad were taking turns to look after me. But after a while, Dad noticed some caves and grottos you could access from the beach in the water, and he took me to explore then with Mum following us. We spent some time there, and I got bored, and while Mum and Dad weren’t looking, I left the grotto. Mum and Dad spent 10 minutes panicking and looking for me, and decided to go back to the beach worried I’d been swept out to sea, or somehow disappeared, only to spot me lying on the beach sunbathing. I’d just got bored and decided to swim back.”

”WAIT WHAT!? You just swam back on your own!? That’s crazy!”

”I know! Turns out, I could swim perfectly fine without the float jacket Mum made me wear, but as she was, no, still is, very overprotective of me, so this was the first opportunity I had to prove myself.”

”That’s hilarious.”

”Definitely. But the moral of the story is that if 2-year old me could swim, you 100% can too.”

”Maybe.”

...

I spent a while trying to Karen better swimming skills. For me, swimming is easy and almost as natural as walking, I’m especially expert at swimming underwater. But for Karen, it was clearly quite hard. I found it hard to concentrate after a while, the constant splashing reminding me of my decision to delay using the bathroom this morning.

“I can wait...” I told myself, starting to regret my desire to have some fun with my bladder.

End of Chapter 20:

Wow! Chapter 20! That’s crazy. None of my other stories have got more than what, half the length of this? Awesome! I hope you guys are enjoying this one, I plan to keep it going for a while as I have plenty of real life experiences and fictional fantasies to base the story on.

*063*2019-05-07 14:32

{{On 5/6/2019 at 12:11 PM, Melificentfan said:

I sure loved that chapter

}}

Thanks!

*064*2019-05-08 22:38

Sorry for not posting yesterday, I fell asleep really early and didn’t get a chance.

Chapter 21:

I played in the pool with Karen for a bit longer before she started moaning she was tried and asked if she could sunbathe instead. I, wanting to go in and have some fun before the urge got too unbearable, said she could, but that I wasn’t going to join her. She didn’t mind, as I pretended I was going to have a nap as I’d woken up much earlier than her.

I dried off with a towel, and headed into the villa. As I stepped through the door, Karen called after me:

”I might come in with you later, if you look comfortable enough when I go in.”

I assumed this was a joke, and went in. Climbing into my bed, I was very exited. Here I was, in bed, on my own, Karen wouldn’t be finished sunbathing for hours, and I could feel my bladder aching and protesting as I shifted it around while I lied down.

”Anything could happen now...“ I thought, exited at the prospect of finally satisfying my fantasies.

”Now’s my chance... I think I’ll wait a little though, just to make it feel a little fuller.”

I put my head on the pillow, and relaxed, trying to find a comfortable position where the extra weight didn’t feel too bad.

“Ahh... I really am quite tired... I hope I didn’t fall asleep. I can handle a lot, even when sleeping, but I’m not sure I can resist this much liquid, I skipped my morning pee so I haven’t let any out since last night...” I thought, giving myself a squeeze as I felt the complaints when I imagined myself reliving it all like I would most mornings.

I felt myself sinking into the mattress, and subconsciously faded to black.

......

I woke up some time later, to find that my legs were already jiggling even before I’d realised how bad it was.

”O-ohh...” I groaned, feeling far too much pressing down on me.

”How long was I asleep for?”, I thought, “More importantly... When did I last use the bathroom!?”

It was painful, behind the point of normal desperation. It felt like it was pushing harder than ever before...

”A-ah-ahh... I might not make it, even if I run...”, I said to myself quietly.

I suddenly realised that (surprisingly) Karen was sitting down next to me. Luckily, the surprise wasn’t bad enough to cause me to lose control. Karen stepped closer, and got onto the bed with me.

She threw off the quilt.

She leant down, on her knees, supporting her upper body with her hands.

She crawled closer to me, before slotting her left leg between mine.

”Rosalynne?”, she said, in an alluring voice I’d never heard from her before.

I tried to pretend I was asleep, trying to force my legs to stop shaking despite the floodgates they were holding back, far too focused on not wetting myself to be able to have a conversation with Karen.

“Rosalynne?”, she said again, making me struggle to resist her voice.

Almost as if she knew what was wrong, she crawled forward. Her face directly above mine now, she slowly moved her left leg closer to my crotch.

”Rosalynne, I know how badly you want to go right now.”, she said, her face going a little red.

”H-huh? H-how...?”, I muttered.

”Because you’ve been squirming around so much. I’ve been watching you for a while.”, she said, smiling a sweet little smile.

”...o-okay...”, I struggled.

I lay there, desperate to hold myself tightly with both hands.

”You know... from here, I could do anything to you... even this:”, she sexually said.

Her leg rose, and laid her knee on top of the growing bulge protruding from my lower body.

Moaning, I tried to ask her to stop.

”Huh? You want me to do more? I always knew you were into this...”

Smiling a sadistic smile, she pressed down a little harder...

“I’m going to explode! I can feel it... this is too much!”, I panicked.

”N-no... n-no...”, I begged, but Karen pushed with even more strength...

”It’s coming! I can’t stop it anymore!”

“n-n-no... m-more...” I moaned to Karen, and she finally eased off, only to suddenly squish it all the way.

”N-nnngh! ...n-no... A-ahh...!”, I cried, feeling a spurt escaping.

Karen lifted her leg again and moved it back to resting before my crotch again.

“You enjoyed that didn’t you? Good job on enduring so much... I could feel how strained it was, how badly stretched it is after countless hours of lacking release! I bet it hurts now, doesn’t it?”

”...y-yes...”

”Oh, you poor thing. But I’m not going to let you go just yet. I could do all sorts to push you further... maybe I could... I don’t know, lower your pyjamas?”

Karen removed the pyjamas I’d hastily put on before getting into bed, revealing how badly I’d leaked. Not too badly, considering the strength of the urge.

”Ah, little Rosalynne couldn’t take it... I can’t wait to see how much longer you can go for.”

”P-please, let m-me go!” I asked, clutching at myself and regaining some control.

”Not yet. I said I wanted to push your limits, remember?”

”N-no! I-I really need t-to! I haven’t b-been since l-last n-night!”

”You can wait.”, she said with an even hotter voice, and placed a hand upon the bulge, which was still enough to cause it to twinge severely.

...

Karen leant down over me, kissing me on the forehead.

”Hold until I’m satisfied, and maybe I’ll let you do something to me.”

”I-I can’t...”

”Yes you can. To make it more interesting, how about you drink this?”

She presented me with one of my 750ml bottles, filled to the brim with ice cold water.

End of Chapter 21:
