Draco's Mishaps

Author: Donar

*000*2014-08-01 15:20

I didn't even know I still had an account here. So, hello, I guess :)

Over the past week I enjoyed a few of the stories here, so I thought I would write one for you myself. It is a Harry Potter fanfiction told mostly from the point of view of Draco.

Hope you like it!

###

Monday, September 6th

Draco was on his way to to the dungeons for his afternoon potions lesson. His third year at Hogwarts had just started a week ago and he was looking forward to the class. He liked potions. Not only did Draco have a natural aptness for the subject, Professor Snape, their head of house, was teaching it, and he was easily Draco's favorite teacher.

The sun had been shining all day, and even though it was already Autumn, it was quite hot, so Draco had been drinking plenty of pumpkin juice at lunch. However, none of that heat had made its way down to the dungeons. As he stepped out of the sunlit stairwell and into the gloomy corridor, he was hit by the cool, damp air and he involuntarily shivered. At the sudden chill, he felt a small nudge from his lower abdomen, reminding him of where all that pumpkin juice had gone. He'd better take a quick detour to the loo before class.

There was a bathroom near their potions classroom, and usually it was deserted, too. No one strayed down here except for potions lesson. That was an important consideration, because Draco didn't like crowded toilets. But when he was just a few steps away and about to quickly slip into the bathroom, the door opened and out stepped Potter and Weasley of all people. Draco stopped dead in his tracks, his hand almost automatically darted into his pocket and closed around his wand. For a second he hoped the two might ignore him and just head to class, but no such luck. Weasley had seen him, and they both got out their wands as well, staring at him.

Draco didn't want to seem like a coward, so he started walking again. The two were blocking the way to the loo, and they weren't moving. He went past them and continued down the hallway towards their classroom. There was no way in hell he would ask them to step aside so he could use the loo, it was way too embarrassing. He didn't have to go that bad anyways. He could feel their stares on his back and it made the hair in his neck stand straight up, but he did not give them the satisfaction to turn around. They'd be mad if they tried anything here.

Draco still gave a silent heave of relief when he stepped though the classroom door. He quickly went over to his friends Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle and sat down next to Theodore Nott in the row behind them. He and Theo had known each other longer than he could remember. Their fathers were old friends, and the Notts were every bit as ancient and pure-blooded as the Malfoys. When they were younger, Theo's dad had come visit Draco's parents quite regularly and he usually had brought Theo to play with Draco. They had gotten along well enough. Still were, in fact. Draco thought so at least, and Theo hadn't given him any reason to believe he thought otherwise, yet Draco was hesitant to call him a friend. He secretly eyed Theo. To be honest, Draco wasn't sure the stringy boy even had real friends. Didn't talk much. A bit of a loner, usually kept to himself.

Draco was rather partnered with him than Crabbe or Goyle, though. Those two boors were useful for menial tasks, but they couldn't be trusted not to blow up their potion. Theo might have been a bit odd, but at least he wasn't an idiot like them.

He got distracted from his thoughts as Professor Snape entered the classroom and audibly closed the door behind himself. He immediately started his lesson and told them to open their books. As Professor Snape went on explaining to them the potion they would be brewing the next day, Draco found it hard to focus on the subject. His bladder gave him another twinge to remind him of its fullness. He shifted around on his chair, trying to find a position that would ease the pressure in his lower stomach a bit. It didn't help and he gave up and instead started nervously scissoring his legs. Theo eyed him questioningly, Draco blushed and forced his legs to stay still. He eyed the clock, class had hardly started, still thirty minutes to go. He silently groaned. Damn pumpkin juice!

Twenty more minutes passed and Draco was starting to grow desperate. He pressed his legs together tightly and as he felt another spasm from his bladder, he had to grab himself to keep anything from escaping. He moaned and slightly bent over. He had to piss so bad! Just forcing himself to sit still took all his concentration, so Theo had to nudge him before he realized Snape had called his name. Draco looked up.

“Mr. Malfoy, I said: I believe you had prepared a report on the dandelion root!”, Professor Snape repeated himself in slight annoyance.

“Y-yes, Professor! Sorry, Professor”, Draco croaked, panicky searching for his notes.

“Today, if you don't mind, Mr. Malfoy”, Professor Snape said, the irritation now clear in his voice.

Draco found the notes and hurriedly got up. His bladder jerked at the sudden movement and his eyes widened in horror as he felt a small squirt dampen his briefs. He desperately grabbed himself, and for a second he had to cross his legs. Then he realized that all eyes were on him. Someone giggled. The Weasel was pointing at him and whispering to Potter. Draco forced himself to remove the hand from his groin and to walk casually towards the front of the class.

“The-the dandelion is a plant with many uses, its root is a common ingredient in many potions”, he began. Ten minutes! He only had to make it ten more minutes! He felt a jab in his lower abdomen and he lost another squirt as well as his train of thought. Stammering, he came to a halt and had to look at his notes. The front of his briefs felt more than a little wet by now, at least his robes would hide any wetness on his pants. He hoped! He didn't dare to look down to check. Draco uneasily shifted his weight from one leg to the other, but it only seemed to worsen the pressure. He was completely unable to stand still now, he just wished he could grab himself through his robes without anyone noticing.

Potter and Weasley were snickering. Theo eyed him, too. Draco felt like the whole class had caught on on his predicament and was secretly laughing at him. He felt himself blush and wished he could just melt into the floor there and then, but he stubbornly went on with his presentation.

Somehow, he made it through his whole report, though he came to a sudden halt as he read the last point in his notes. He felt his face go red again.

“Therootissometimesusedasanaturaldiuretic”, he muttered.

“What was that last bit?”, Snape asked mercilessly.

Draco swallowed, but he obediently repeated more clearly: “On its own the root is sometimes used as a natural diuretic.”

More giggling.

“Thank you, Mr. Malfoy”, Professor Snape said, oblivious to the reason for his students' unruliness, “anything to add, Mr. Potter? Mr. Weasley?”

The two wiped the nasty grins from their faces and hurriedly shook their heads.

“Ten points from Gryffindor for talking during lesson”, Snape sneered, “if you two wish to pass this year, you would do better to take notes instead the next time you hear such an excellent presentation! Ten points to Slytherin, thank you, Mr. Malfoy! Class is dismissed!”

Draco fled back to his place without another word. When he lowered himself into his chair, he lost another squirt. The table hid him from view and he finally was able to cross his legs again, which he desperately needed. He stifled a silent moan. At least sitting down the pain in his lower abdomen was a tiny bit less intolerable. He dared to finally take a quick look at his crotch, and to his great relief nothing showed on his robe.

Despite his urgent need, he took his time to pack his things. Most other students had already left when he was done, Crabbe and Goyle had long stood up as well and gave him impatient looks.

“Go ahead”, Draco told them, “I'll catch up to you at Defense against the Dark Arts!”

He didn't want anyone to see him run for the loo, not after that disgraceful display just now. He waited for his two goons to leave. As soon as he was alone, he would make a beeline for the toilet. There were only a few straggler Gryffindor girls left, who were chatting with each other as they walked towards the door in an excruciatingly slow pace. Just hurry up and leave already!

Theo was in no hurry either, he had finished packing his things ages ago, but he just lingered in his place. He leaned over and whispered: “What are you waiting for?”

“What?”, Draco feigned confusion.

“You have to go to the loo real bad.” It wasn't a question.

“No, I don't!”, Draco insisted.

“Oh, come on! The whole class could see how bad you had to pee!”

“I DON'T HAVE TO PEE!”, Draco hissed at him. His outburst made the two Gryffindor girls, who were just walking through the door, turn around and look at them. He felt himself blushing.

“OK, OK, my mistake”, Theo agreed, a mischievous glint in his eyes.

Draco waited a moment longer, but since Theo apparently didn't plan on leaving any time soon, he got up himself. “See you at Defense against the Dark Arts! Bye!”, he hurriedly muttered.

But just then Theo stood up with him. “Wait!”, he said, “I wanted to talk to you about Quidditch training!”

“Not now! Tonight, OK?”, Draco said desperately.

“I'll just walk with you”, Theo suggested and ran after him.

Draco groaned. Theo continued to talk while he followed him outside and down the hallway. Something about last year's match against Gryffindor. Draco didn't really listen nor did he care. His bladder was throbbing so bad, it hurt. They had reached the bathroom door. When Draco stopped walking he immediately had to cross his legs. He moved a hand down to hold himself, trying to somehow make it look casual. He squirmed and stared at the door longingly. Relief was so close!

“I... I forgot something in class!”, he lied, “go ahead! I'll just...”

Theo's eyes followed his gaze knowingly. Happily, he said: “I'll go back with you.”

Draco gasped and doubled over as he felt another sharp stab from his tortured bladder. Couldn't that guy take a hint?

“No! Just go already!”, he whined. He didn't care anymore that he was openly holding himself with both hands right in front of the other boy.

Theo eyed him curiously a moment longer, then he just grinned and waved at him. “See you in class then!”, he called, turned, and ran away.

As soon as Theo was out of sight, Draco made a dash for the bathroom, running straight for the first stall. The sight of the toilet made his bladder spasm in anticipation. He felt some getting out. Panicky, he pulled at his belt. “No! No! Wait! Not yet! Not yet!”, he wailed in despair as he felt the pee soaking through his briefs and running down his legs. It felt so good now that he had started to let go, he just couldn't stop the flow. He could feel his hands get wet, finally he managed to open his belt and unbutton his pants. All the time wetting forcefully, he just yanked them all down in one go. He aimed his member at the bowl to finish in the toilet and moaned in relief. He peed for over a minute before his stream at last started to trickle down and finally stopped. The bursting pain in his lower abdomen had been replaced by a dull emptiness, Draco felt so relieved, he was a little dizzy.

He reached for his pants and pulled them up to examine the damage. The front and inside of the legs were completely soaked and there was a puddle around his feet. “Aww, dragon dung!”, Draco muttered. He got out his wand to point it at his pants. “Tergeo!”, he whispered a cleaning spell. A sudden, tingling sensation rushed down his legs. Draco looked down at his now dry again pants with a relieved smile. He took care of the puddle on the floor in the same way. That had been a close call! And he hadn't even made it all the way. He didn't dare to think of how close he had come to an accident right in front of his whole class.

*001*2014-08-03 10:41

Well, let's continue with the second chapter right away.

Tuesday, September 7th

The next day they had a double period of potions in the afternoon. Like before, Draco was paired with Theo. He warily eyed the silent boy, but Theo seemed to already have forgotten about Draco's shameful display the previous day.

Draco had made sure he went to the loo after Care for Magical Creatures, but he hadn't thought of going again after lunch. Soon after potions class had started, he felt a small pressure in his lower stomach and he immediately regretted his carelessness. Though it wasn't that urgent and he was confident he could easily manage till the end of the lesson.

Before they were allowed to get out their cauldrons and start working, Professor Snape had them painstakingly go over every detail of the recipe for the potion they had learned about yesterday. As he put it, he couldn't trust his class not to blow themselves up even with such a simple brew. Snape never grew tired of reminding them how he was cursed with the most incapable and unthinking students – a remark clearly aimed at the Gryffindors.

Usually those rehearsals were an easy opportunity to earn house points, but today Draco actually was happy his name wasn't called. He sheepishly asked Theo if he could quickly copy his notes. He really hadn't paid much attention yesterday.

Once they had gone over what they were going to do today, Snape told them to get started. Kids ran to rinse their cauldrons and get the reagents. Theo got up as well and reached for their cauldron. He asked: “I'll set up the cauldron, you get the ingredients, OK?”

Draco nodded. The sound of running water painfully reminded him of his need to pee and made him unpleasantly aware of how full his bladder felt. He pressed his legs together tightly and cursed silently. He knew getting up would make the urge worse. As Crabbe went past, Draco quickly grabbed him at his sleeve. “Hey, fetch us our ingredients as well!”, he told him. Crabbe nodded.

A moment later, he returned and dropped Draco's stuff on their table.

“Dandelion root, not daisy, you oaf!”, Draco hissed.

Crabbe gave him an annoyed stare but he obediently turned around to replace the dried flowers with the right ones. Draco looked after him irritatedly. Yeah, no need to thank him just because he had just saved those idiots' brew as well! He sighted. Ingrates! He made sure Crabbe had gotten the rest of the ingredients right before he weighted the rat spleen and started chopping it.

Theo returned and, unaware of Draco's growing predicament, dropped the filled cauldron on their table, almost making the water inside spill over. The sight gave Draco a painful twinge in his lower abdomen. He groaned and had to grab himself for a second.

“Everything alright?”, Theo asked puzzled.

“Yes!”, Draco hissed, forced himself into an upright position again and continued to cut the rat spleen.

Theo looked at him musingly, but after a moment he turned to their work and started weighting up the other ingredients.

As soon as the water was boiling, they put in the rat spleen, and Theo continued to slowly add the next ingredients while Draco grabbed the dandelion roots to cut them into tiny dice as well. While he was working, he involuntarily started to scissor his legs. His bladder was still aching from holding it so long the previous day, and it made him have to go worse. For a second he grabbed himself, but then he noticed Theo looking over to him and he pretended he was just adjusting things down there into a more comfortable position.

“Could you stop stirring that much!”, he demanded irritatedly.

“It says here to keep it in constant motion-”

“Yeah, but don't slush it around so much, OK!”, Draco moaned, “you're ruining the brew!”

By the look Theo gave him, he saw right through him and knew fully well what really was the matter. Draco blushed. But Theo didn't say anything else and slowed down his stirring.

Draco finished cutting the dandelion root and Theo took the chopping board from him. Draco watched him drop the diced roots into the cauldron. He slightly bend over, trying to ease the pressure a little bit. With a silently groan he looked at the clock. Forty minutes still!

For a second he considered raising his hand as asking Professor Snape to be excused, but he couldn't bear the embarrassment, not after what had happened yesterday. Snape didn't allow his students to use the loo anyways. He never did, and Draco doubted he would make an exception, him being his favorite or not.

Ten more minutes passed and Draco had trouble sitting still anymore. He silently groaned and fidgeted. Draco was so preoccupied with his pressing need, he didn't even notice that Theo had taken over most of both their work. He didn't care for their potion or anything else anymore, his only thought was for the lesson to end. Now! He needed the lesson to end RIGHT NOW! But Theo didn't complain about the extra work. Draco's predicament was pretty obvious by now, at least for anyone who cared to look, and Theo actually felt a bit sorry for him.

At an especially bad spasm, Draco bend over in his seat and pressed both hands to his groin. The Weasel and Potter snickered and waved at him. Draco was totally embarrassed, but between openly holding himself and having an accident in class, he chose the former. Right now he was beyond the point of caring about keeping up appearances. He just couldn't have an accident in class! Not after the incident yesterday.

Meanwhile, the first students had finished with their brews. Theo was just filling two flasks with theirs. “Want me to bring yours to the front as well?”, Theo had to repeat his question for Draco to even realize he was speaking to him. Draco nodded thankfully.

When he returned, Theo did all the cleaning up as well. For Draco, hearing the other kids rinse out their cauldrons was pure agony. His bladder was pulsing furiously and he could feel a little squirt dampen his briefs before he could stop the flow. He sank down on his table and kept on choking his member like his life depended on it.

By the time Professor Snape dismissed class, he was close to tears. Draco just remained sitting on his place while the others left. Again, Theo waited for him. Draco didn't even notice the other boy packed up his stuff for him. When they were alone, Theo stood up and went over to Draco's side of the table.

“Just go on ahead!”, Draco muttered weakly when he noticed the other boy standing besides him.

Theo didn't seem to hear. He whispered: “Think you can get up?”

Draco blinked away the tears. He shook his head, he knew he couldn't.

“Come on, I'll help you!”, Theo said, offering a hand.

The second Draco opened his legs to stand up, he felt his bladder contract. A huge spurt escaped into his pants, he groaned and desperately pressed his legs together again. His second attempt was more successful and although he felt another squirt escape, he managed to get up. He immediately crossed his legs again. A few drops were running down the inside of his left leg and when he looked down at himself, to his horror he could see a huge wet spot in his groin where he was holding himself through his robe.

He looked back up at Theo and he could see the other boy had noticed as well. He felt his face go red hot with embarrassment. Theo did not comment, though, he just tried to slowly ease Draco towards the exit. Draco hobbled along, his hand desperately choking his member, feeling a little more escape with each tiny step he took. Halfway to the door, his bladder just gave way. He could feel the hot piss gushing forth between his fingers and rushing down his legs. He desperately tried to stem the flood, but at the same time finally letting go felt so good, he just couldn't stop himself. He started crying while he continued to piss his pants right in front of the other boy. Theo just stared at him.

It felt like he would never stop peeing, it must have been over a minute before his stream started to slow down. When there finally was no pee left inside him, he was standing in a huge puddle.

“Are you all done?”, Theo asked softly.

Draco didn't answer, he was crying hysterically.

Theo looked at him uncertain what to do, then he hesitantly got out his wand and cast a cleaning charm on him.

As Draco felt the tingling sensation of the spell, he looked up at Theo in confusion. He didn't get why the other boy wasn't laughing at him. He sniffled: “You gonna tell on me?”

“Of cause not!”, Theo replied earnestly and gave him a hug, “come on, let's wash off those tears!”

Draco allowed himself to gently be guided over to the row of sinks at the wall.

*003*2014-10-03 17:16

Oh, sorry!

I thought there was no interest in my stories here.

Let's update this one then:

Tuesday, September 14th

After that incident, Theo had started to hang out with Draco and the guys. Draco wasn't exactly sure what had brought on the sudden chance, and he still worried Theo might tell on him or use what had happened to blackmail him. So far, though, Theo had kept his word. Draco wasn't exactly sure why, but he wasn't complaining about it. He didn't mind Theo's company, very much to the contrary in fact, he enjoyed having someone with a brain of his own around to talk to for a change.

They were on their way to potions class, discussing their homework assignment. He and Theo had done it together. Actually done it together. As in Theo really had written half of it – and it hadn't been a pile of dragon dung Draco had to scrap and rewrite himself either – when he was partnered with Crabbe or Goyle, the two usually just ended up doing nothing and copying Draco's homework later. He had to admit, he liked hanging out with Theo more and more.

“Let's go to the loo”, Theo interrupted his thoughts.

Draco stopped and turned back around to face him. Theo stood in front of the bathroom door next to their potions classroom. There were other classmates nearby, Draco eyed them uncomfortably.

“I'll wait for you”, he quickly said.

“You wanna have another accident in class? Go!”, Theo silently urged him.

Draco felt himself blush in embarrassment. So much for the silent agreement he thought they had had to never speak of that incident again. Though Theo wasn't actually mocking him and he knew his new friend had a point. He made up his mind and quickly stepped into the bathroom, Theo followed him inside. Draco walked to the middle of the room, then he stopped dumbfounded and eyed Theo uncomfortably.

Theo returned the confused look and pushed him in the direction of the urinal. “Well, what are you waiting for?”

“I-I can't go in front of others”, Draco muttered, feeling himself blush even more.

“Whatever”, Theo shrugged and just went over to the urinal himself to take care of his own business.

Hesitantly, Draco turned around and entered one of the cubicles, making sure to lock the door behind himself. He turned towards the toilet and slowly started to undo his belt and pants. Outside he could hear Theo finish and get over to the sink to wash his hands. He tried to concentrate on his own affairs, but he just couldn't get himself to relax. He knew the other boy was still in the room with him. The tap turned off, but he didn't hear the door. Was Theo waiting for him? Come on, man, just get out already! He tried not to think about Theo and just relax. Then suddenly Theo banged on the stall door and Draco clenched up completely again.

“Hurry up! You taking a crap or what?”, Theo laughed.

“I can't go with you out there, OK?”, Draco replied, his tone somewhere between embarrassment and annoyance, “just wait for me in class!”

“You can't be serious!”, Theo laughed, but after a moment, Draco heard him open the door and leave.

He sighed and turned back to the toilet. He felt so tense, it took him a minute to relax enough to push out even just a few drops. He quickly flushed, got out, washed his hands and ran after Theo. He made it to class just in time before the school bell rang. When he sat down besides Theo, Theo bowed over and whispered: “You really can't go with someone around?”

“Shut up!”

Theo just grinned.

They were brewing shrinking solution today. According to Professor Snape, only a complete imbecile could mess up this potion. That Granger Mudblood had teamed up with Longbottom, so there was at least some remote chance he wouldn't blow up his. Draco eyed Crabbe and Goyle. “Slice, not chop the caterpillar!”, he hissed at them. Or those two oafs, of cause.

Weasley came back on his way to get some ingredients. As he passed Draco, he asked loud enough for the nearby students though not Professor Snape to hear: “Gonna show us your potty dance again today, Malfoy?” A few nearby kids snickered. Draco turned around to angrily look after the Weasel. He and Potter laughed at him.

“Just ignore those assholes”, Theo whispered.

But Draco had had enough. The two had been laughing behind his back all week. He waited till Professor Snape wasn't looking, then he quickly turned around again, holding up a hand full of uncut caterpillars. “Hey, Weasel!”, he silently called, and threw them into Potter and Weasley's cauldron before Weasley could react. The potion immediately started bubbling furiously.

Weasley jumped up. He cried: “What the!? Malfoy, you-”

But he hadn't noticed Professor Snape looking back up. “Mr. Weasley! Is there a problem?”

“Sir! Malfoy just-”

At that moment, their potion exploded in a huge cloud of green smoke.

“Mr. Weasley, Mr. Potter, to the front!”, Snape said annoyedly.

“But he-”

“Now, Mr. Weasley!”

Draco gleefully watched as the two went to the front and as Snape lectured them about their ineptness. They didn't get in a single word. Snape gave them both detention for messing up their brew. As the two returned to their seats, they stared at him angrily. Draco couldn't help but smugly smiled back at them.

Wednesday, September 15th

Draco was walking down an upper floor hallway and tried to decide if he should head for the great hall for lunch or take a quick detour to the loo. He kinda had to go, but it wasn't urgent yet. This part of the castle was pretty much deserted at this time of day, though, and he knew how crowded the bathrooms across the great hall would be after lunch. The toilet, he decided.

Just then he noticed a black-haired boy who ran straight up to him. The boy stopped a few feet away, timidly looked up at Draco, swallowed and then made two more steps.

“Excuse me, Sir! Please! I-I... could you please help me?”, the kid stuttered, “would you happen to know where the loo is?”

Draco hadn't seen the boy's face before. He was quite short, definitely a first-year, and his robe identified him as a Gryffindor. Probably some Mudblood. But it really stroked Draco's ego how polite and almost fearful the kid had addressed him, even though Draco wasn't that much his senior. Besides, he was still in an especially good mood for getting Potter and Weasley into detention the previous day.

By the way the boy fidgeted it was obvious he was in urgent need of an answer to his question. Draco sighed. He remembered his first month at Hogwarts and how often he had gotten lost. There was nobody around to witness his good deed and he had been on the way to the toilets anyways, so where was the harm?

“Come on, I'll show you”, he said and smiled at the kid.

“Thank you, Sir!”, murmured the boy. Draco was surprised and a bit embarrassed the kid took his hand as Draco led him down the hallway, the other hand securely pressed to his groin.

“Is it far?”, the boy asked, squirming.

“No, we're almost there-”, Draco hardly had time to point out the door ahead before the kid let go of his hand and made a mad dash for the loo. He disappeared inside.

Draco grinned. Since he preferred to have privacy when using the toilet himself, he decided to wait outside until the boy had finished with his business. He leaned on the wall and opened his bag, pretending to go through his book, so nobody would get the impression he was waiting for the loo, all the while keeping an eye on the door to see when the boy left.

The kid was taking his sweet time, though. Had he missed him leaving? Couldn't be. But no filthy Gryffindor boy emerged from the loo again. Finally Draco decided he had waited long enough and went over himself. Ungrateful Mudblood maggot, could at least have said thanks!

When Draco entered the bathroom, he immediately heard the sobbing. Only one stall was occupied and that was where the sound came from. No one else had entered or left the bathroom, so Draco was pretty sure he knew who had to be inside.

He hesitated a moment, then he got over and gently knocked on the door.

“Everything alright?”, he asked.

He was answered by a shocked gasp and for a second there was silence, then the wailing returned.

“No”, the boy sobbed.

“What's the matter?”

“I couldn't get my belt to unbuckle”, the kid explained between sobs.

“Want me to try?”, Draco asked.

“I... I couldn't... it's too late. I wet my pants”, the boy sniveled, “I don't know what to do now.”

Draco sighed. Softly, he said: “Unlock the door! I can help.”

After a moment of consideration, the boy did as Draco had said. Eyes downcast, his pants still dripping with pee, he was standing in the middle of a big puddle. He had finally gotten the belt undone, Draco noted, though apparently too late. The boy timidly looked up at him, his eyes red from crying, fresh tears still running down his cheeks.

Draco crouched down in front of him, careful his shoes and robe did not touch the puddle on the floor. He gently patted the boy on the arm to reassure him.

“Don't worry!”, he said as he got out his wand, “I know a charm that'll clean you up. I'll cast it on you now, OK?”

The boy sniffled and nodded. Draco pointed his wand at him. “Tergeo!”, he said. A little wave ran down the kid's pants, purging the wetness. The boy stared down at his suddenly dry pants in amazement. The next second he jumped at Draco and hugged him, taking him completely by surprise. All Draco could think of at that moment was that a second ago those pants that were rubbing against his robe had been completely soaked with pee. Yes, he had spelled them clean, but still: Eww! He awkwardly patted the kid on the head and pushed him away.

“Go, wash your face!”, he instructed.

The boy ran over to the sinks. While he cleaned away the tears, Draco took care of the puddle with another cleaning charm.

When the boy was done, he turned around to him again. “Thanks!”, he muttered shyly, “I'm Evan. What's your name?”

“Malfoy. Draco Malfoy”, Draco said.

“Thank you, Mr. Malfoy! ... Draco?”,Evan shyly smiled at him.

“Draco is OK”, Draco said, then, remembering himself, he scowled, “now get out and enjoy your lunch break!”

Evan grinned, saluted, and started for the door.

“Hey, Evan!”, Draco called after him.

The door handle in hand, Evan turned around again.

“One word about this – about me helping you – to anyone and I'll turn you into a rat and feed you to my owl! Understood?”

Evan's eyes grew wide and he hurriedly nodded.

“Good. Now get out!”

Without another word Evan ran out.

Draco looked after him and grinned, then he turned his eyes back down at where the kid's pants had touched his robe. He shuddered. Disgusting! He would have to get to his room and change into a clean one before lunch. But first, he turned back around and got into the cubicle to finally take a piss himself.

*005*2014-10-09 16:29

Thanks!

Here is the next update. Irresponsible teachers at this run-down school almost getting poor Draco killed. Harry's account of these events in the book was so biased! ;)

Thursday, September 16th

Thursday afternoon they were out in the castle grounds for Care for Magical Creatures. The subject was taught by this oaf Hagrid, and what was worse they were together with the Gryffindors. Theo didn't like Hagrid. He was stupid and so were his lessons. Most of the time he would make them work up close with dangerous, filthy or stinking creatures – usually they were all three. On top of that it was an open secret that Potter and his friends were Hagrid's favorites. Draco hated it, too.

Today's lesson apparently was how to get maimed by the bunch of dangerous-looking, overgrown half-horse, half-raptor monstrosities Hagrid led towards them. Their talons looked awfully sharp. Everyone crowded backwards and away from the suddenly rather flimsy-looking fence that separated them from the monsters. Theo smirked as he saw even Potter, Weasley and Granger recoiled from the creatures. He and Draco had had the good sense to stay in the back of the group. Everybody nervously watched the creatures. As Hagrid explained, they were called hippogriffs. And they actually were quite dangerous to handle. Though, why Hagrid looked outright euphoric about that fact was beyond Theo.

“Who'll want ter pet one first?”, the giant oaf asked far too happy. The whole class collectively made another step backwards.

But then Potter approached the fence.

“Teacher's pet”, Draco muttered.

Crabbe and Goyle sniggered.

“Think he'll get maimed?”, Theo whispered.

“I hope he does”, Draco grinned.

They watched in morbid fascination as Potter hesitantly approached the animal and bowed before it as Hagrid had instructed him to do. Theo grinned. Potter positively looked like he was about to shit his pants.

The hippogriff just angrily stared back at Potter. “Right, back away now, Harry!”, Hagrid said urgently. But then the impossible happened and the monster actually lowered its head and returned Potter's bow. “Well done! Yeh can touch him! Pat his beak!”, Hagrid said, almost ecstatic. Potter probably would have preferred to run away, but he obediently approached the beast. It actually allowed him to touch its beak.

“Recon he migh' let yeh ride him!”, Hagrid roared. Potter didn't seem to think so, but Hagrid just grabbed him, lifted him onto the hippogriff's back and gave the animal a slap on it's hindquarters. Startled, the creature jumped and unfolded its enormous wings. It soared upwards, flying through the air and made a circle around the paddock – Potter clinging to it's neck for his very life. It was completely irresponsible and dangerous, but Theo couldn't help but laugh at Potter's misfortune. Hagrid laughed, too, though not out of schadenfreude like Theo and Draco.

Sadly, the creature and its cargo safely returned to the ground, and Potter shakily slid down from its back. His face was ashen, but all teacher's pet again, he even faked a smile. Theo wouldn't have managed. If it had been him on that creature, he would have shat himself for real.

“Now, all step forward!”, Hagrid bellowed, “remember, bow and don' blink, hippogriffs don' trust yeh if yeh blink too much! If he bows back, yeh're allowed ter touch him. And if he doesn' bow, get away sharpish, 'cause those talons hurt!”

Theo silently groaned and exchanged an anxious look with Draco, but his friend didn't seem worried, he was angry. “Stupid show-off!”, he muttered and marched right at the first hippogriff.

“You're not dangerous at all, are you, you ugly monster?”, he said as he reached for it's beak.

The next second Draco was lying on the ground, screaming, the aggravated creature atop of him, hacking at him. Everybody panicked. Hagrid jumped in front of the hippogriff, trying to get it off of Draco. Theo rushed over to his friend. Draco had a huge gash on his arm and there was lots of blood. So much blood! Theo didn't know what to do. He hardly noticed Granger kneeling down besides him. She pressed a cloth on Draco's wound. “We have to get him to the hospital wing!”, she took control of the situation.

Draco had twisted his ankle in falling and couldn't stand on his own, so Hagrid picked him up and carried him to the castle. Theo ran after them, but Madam Pomfrey wouldn't let him stay with Draco in the hospital wing and send him away. He slowly walked back to the border of the forest where they had had their lesson. The other students had already gone, and there was no sign of the hippogriffs either anymore, very much to Theo's relief. He picked up Draco's and his own stuff, which was still laying on the ground, and made his way back to their dormitories.

Later that evening he returned to the hospital wing to see how Draco was doing. He was greeted by loud shouting even before he had left the stairwell. A very angry Mr. Malfoy was pacing up and down the hospital corridor and arguing with Dumbledore, they were blocking Theo's way. Theo stopped and eyed the agitated men uncomfortably. Madam Pomfrey stood at Dumbledore's side, she looked like she didn't want to be there just as much as Theo. When she saw him, she quickly went over and silently asked: “Come to visit your friend, dear?”

Theo nodded shyly.

“He is all better now, you can go in”, she said.

“Thanks”, Theo muttered and quickly slipped past Dumbledore and Mr. Malfoy, who luckily ignored him.

Draco lay in a bed at the rear end of the hospital wing, he was in his pajamas and a thick bandage covered his right arm. His mom was with him, so Theo waited a few steps away, not wanting to barge in. Draco kept telling his mom that he was fine and that it was just a small cut and a twisted ankle, but Mrs. Malfoy didn't seem to hear him, she kept going on about how he had almost been killed and how irresponsible his teachers were.

Draco looked outright relieved when he saw Theo. “Theo!”, he interrupted his mom's litany and urgently waved Theo closer with his healthy hand. Theo hesitantly got over and greeted Mrs. Malfoy. She smiled at him, then she turned back to Draco. “I'll leave you with your friend. But I'll be right next door with your father if you need anything!” she told him before she left.

“Thank you! I thought she'd never stop”, Draco sighed when she was out of earshot.

Theo grinned and sat down at the foot end of Draco's bed, then he got serious again. “So how are you?”

“I'm fine! Honestly, looks worse than it is. Still hurts a lot, though”, Draco said and proudly showed off his bandaged arm.

“Your dad seemed quite agitated.”

“Yeah. He's gonna get that Hagrid fool sacked.”

“He deserves it”, Theo said, “that was completely irresponsible! Those monsters are dangerous!”

“Mom said they're going to kill the one that attacked me. I hope they do!”, Draco agreed. He paused a moment. “Say, umh, could you ask Madam Pomfrey when I'll be released?”

“I'll ask her when I leave.”

Draco grimaced. “Can you get her now?”

“I think she was speaking to your dad outside”, Theo said. He was a bit scared of Mr. Malfoy when he was angry. More than a bit, actually. Anybody in their right mind would have been.

“Please!”

“What is so urgent about it?”

Draco looked down. “I'm not allowed to leave bed while I'm here...”, he hesitated, “and... and I have to pee.”

“Oh, I'll tell her”, Theo said and got up.

“No!”, Draco stopped him, “just tell her I'm all better and that she should let me get back to the dorms, OK?”

Theo nodded. He knew how embarrassed Draco was about admitting his bodily need even just to him. He got outside. Draco's parents were still arguing with Dumbledore. Theo really didn't want to get into any of that and tried to make eye contact with Madam Pomfrey instead. Luckily, she noticed him standing by the door before anyone else did and came over to him.

“Yes, dear, do you need something?”, she asked.

“Draco wanted to know when he'll be allowed to leave”, Theo said.

“Not before tomorrow, that ankle of his needs time to heal.”

“But he said he feels fine and it doesn't hurt anymore-”

“Your friend needs rest! That's my final word. You can play with him soon enough again.”

Madam Pomfrey was about to turn around, but Theo stopped her. “That's not it! Draco... he... he needs the loo, but he is really embarrassed to ask and so... uh... could you like just... uh...”, he trailed off awkwardly.

Madam Pomfrey smiled understandingly: “Why didn't you say so at once? I'll be right with you.”

Theo hesitantly got back inside where Draco gave him an urgent look. “Did you tell her?”

“She'll be right here”, Theo assured him. In fact, he hadn't even sat back down at Draco's side when Madam Pomfrey entered the room. Draco leaned back sighed, though his relief at her sight was short-lived. “What's that?”, he asked as he saw the strangely-shaped glass bottle in her hand.

“That's a urine bottle. It'll help you relief yourself-”, Madam Pomfrey explained.

“You TOLD her?!”, Draco hissed at Theo in dismay.

“Maybe you could wait outside, dear, while I help your friend-”, Madam Pomfrey said to Theo.

Theo got up, but he didn't move, instead he awkwardly eyed the two. He didn't want to abandon his friend, though he also didn't want to embarrass him even more by his presence.

“Just let me use the loo! My foot feels perfectly fine”, Draco pleaded.

“Mr. Malfoy, your ankle most certainly is not fine! You'll strain it again!”, she insisted, “Just let me help you.”

She tugged at Draco's blanket, but he held onto it like his life depended on it.

“Actually, I don't have to go anymore!”, he said.

“Don't be unreasonable, dear! You can't just suddenly not have to go anymore. Just let me help you!”

“I can't use THAT!”

“I'll show you how to use it.”

“But you're a woman!”

Finally, even Madam Pomfrey seemed to catch on to what his problem was. Softly, she asked: “Do you want me to get your mother to help you instead?”

Draco looked mortified. He pleaded: “Just let me use the loo instead, please!”

“Your ankle-”, Madam Pomfrey started.

“-is perfectly fine!”, Draco interrupted her.

“I could help Draco walk over. He can lean on me”, Theo suggested silently.

Madam Pomfrey grudgingly gave in, though she warned Draco that it was his own fault if he strained himself again. Draco impatiently waited for her to leave. She was hardly out of the door when he already pushed his blanket away and swung his legs out of the bed. He slightly bent over and moaned, holding his abdomen with his healthy hand.

Theo got down besides him to offer his help. He whispered: “You sure you're OK?”

“Of cause I am!”, Draco hissed, quickly withdrawing the hand.

He put his arm around Theo's shoulders and with his help he managed to stand up, though when he tried to put some weight on his injured foot, he doubled over with a pained groan. Hadn't Theo held him, he would have fallen. Theo helped him back up, Draco was crossing his legs and as Theo looked down, he could see a small, wet spot on Draco's crotch that hadn't been there a second ago. He quickly looked away again and pretended he hadn't noticed.

“Perfectly fine, huh?”, he asked sarcastically.

“Just help me, OK?”, Draco replied through clenched teeth.

He leaned heavily on Theo as they slowly made their way over to the loo. Theo headed for the row of urinals, but Draco stopped him. “No”, he said, his eyes pointing at the toilet stalls instead, “can't in front of...”

Theo sighed and helped him hobble over to the cubicles. They both squeezed inside.

“You can do it from here?”, Theo asked.

Draco tried to stand on his own, but the second he put any weight on the injured foot, his face scrunched up in pain and he immediately leaned back on Theo. He fidgeted, tried and failed again, fidgeted some more.

“You have to help me”, he finally admitted. He looked very embarrassed.

Seeing Draco so desperate actually made Theo a bit hard. He kind of wished Draco would loose it and piss himself again right there. He pushed the strange thought away and concentrated on helping his friend. He didn't want to embarrass Draco, what was wrong with him? He carefully guided Draco to stand in front of him, so they were facing each other. Draco held onto his shoulders with his uninjured left hand so Theo had his hands free to pull down Draco's pajama bottoms for him. Draco's face was really close to his, too. Theo forced himself to focus on the task at hand.

“Will you stand still for a second!”, he complained.

Draco did his best to stop squirming. Theo finally got a hold of his pants and managed to pull them off. Then he grabbed Draco again and slowly lowered him down onto the bowl. Draco whimpered and desperately pressed his legs together as his bare behind touched the cold porcelain. He gave Theo a pained look.

“I'll wait outside”, Theo said quickly. He slipped out of the cubicle without another word and pulled the door shut behind him. Since he was on the outside, he couldn't lock the door and had to hold it in place. He listened. For a while there was only Draco's strained breathing as he tried to relax. Then he heard a trickle. A second later the trickle became a hissing stream and Draco had to stifle a moan. So had Theo. He closed his eyes and listened at the door. Man, Draco was peeing a lot, how long had he been holding it? Just hearing Draco relieve himself gave him even more of a boner. He wished he could watch him piss, but he didn't want to make this even more awkward for Draco nor himself, so he just silently waited for Draco to finish.

When Draco was done, he called Theo back in and they went through the same procedure in reverse. First Theo lifted Draco up from the toilet, then he pulled up his pants for him while Draco leaned on him. Draco motioned him to help him walk back, but Theo stopped him. “Wait!”, he said and quickly got out his wand. He pointed it at the wet spot on Draco's pants and cast a cleaning charm on it. He smiled at Draco as he put the wand away again. Draco's face went completely red, but he returned a shy smile.

Theo helped his friend wash his hand, and walked him back to his bed. “Thank you”, Draco whispered as he lay back down.

Before Theo left, Draco asked him to bring him his wand. Theo asked what Draco thought he would need it for, but Draco just insisted that he absolutely had to have it. He almost got hysterical about it when Theo said he didn't want to walk all the way again just to fetch him his stupid wand. Theo really didn't get what was so important about it, but in the end he did Draco the favor and got the thing from their dorm where he had put it together with Draco's other school stuff. When he returned, Draco immediately snatched it from his hands. He looked very relieved as he put it under his pillow. Maybe he just felt saver with it. After what Draco had gone through today, Theo kind of could relate.

“Hey, don't stash that there!”, he joked, “didn't you listen in Defense? You'll have a nightmare, grab it in your sleep and accidentally blow off your own head!”

“Sure”, Draco chuckled.

They wished each other a good night and Theo returned to the dorms.
