Draco's Mishaps

Author: Donar

*019*2015-02-06 21:09

Thank you both!

Sorry for the long hiatus.

Friday, November 5th

Draco retreated to their bedroom right after dinner again. Theo had joined him, he sat on his bed, reading, while Draco lay on his. Theo looked up from his book and eyed his friend, who was lying on his chest to give his abused rear a rest. In the morning under the showers Draco's ass had been quite pinkish still and even though he tried not to let it show, Draco had had trouble sitting on it all day. At least the lesions were all gone, Professor Snape's healing salve had done wonders for that.

At the thought of the Professor, Theo looked at the clock and quickly got up. He had almost forgotten about his detention!

“You doing OK?”, he asked Draco.

“Sure”, Draco said.

He still sounded a bit down, but he was way better than yesterday. Theo smiled. He went over to the underwater window to the lake and poured himself a glass of water from the big jug that sat on the sill. He gulped it down in one go before he could reconsider. He wasn't thirsty, he just... He wanted to do it himself! He had been fantasizing about it ever since he had seen Draco desperate in potions class, but he never actually dared. Not with all their classmates around as witnesses. But tonight, it would just be him alone. He quickly refilled his glass and drowned it a second time, then he turned around and grabbed his cauldron and school bag.

“I'll be off for detention”, he said.

“Sorry I got you into this”, Draco muttered, “you shouldn't be the one who gets punished!”

“Don't worry!”, Theo grinned.

When he stepped out on the corridor, his eyes fell on the door tot he washroom and his resolve wavered for a second. He kind of had to pee a little already. No, he'd do this today! He turned the other direction and quickly crossed the Common Room.

As he passed their potions classroom on his way to Professor Snape's office, he noticed that the door was open. He was about to walk past it, when he glimpsed inside and saw the Professor sitting at the teacher's desk. Theo stopped and stepped into the classroom instead. Potter was there, too, silently scraping flobberworm mucus or worse residues off the tables.

“Professor?”, Theo asked.

“Ah, Mr. Nott, come in, take your seat! You do know which potion you were supposed to prepare in the lesson you missed?”

Theo went over to his usual table and put down his cauldron on the little stove. He said: “Yes, Sir. Wideeye potion.”

“I assume you did your homework and know how to brew it?”

“Yes, Professor. Six dried billywig stings and four measures of crushed snake fangs mixed with-”

“Thank you, Mr. Nott. Mr. Potter! What important change to the recipe from your book did you learn in class?”

Potter winced involuntarily as he heard his name. He quickly replied: “Boil the potion for a minute before one lets it simmer, Sir. That way the brewing time can be cut in half.”

“Remember to do that, Mr. Nott! I do not intend to spend all night waiting for you to finish”, Professor Snape said. He didn't sound too happy that Potter apparently had gotten it right. Theo grinned, Potter was an ass and just because he was famous the teachers favoured him. Professor Snape was one of the few who saw the snotty brat for what he really was.

“Yes, Sir”, Theo said and went over to the sinks to fill his cauldron. The running water reminded him of his need to pee, it was exciting and terrifying at the same time. He hadn't planned for Potter to be there with him, though.

Theo replaced his cauldron on the stove, then he got the necessary ingredients. He made sure to double-check with the list in his book. Six billywig stings, three snake fangs, two springs of wolfsbane, check. He threw the billywig stings into the cauldron and ignited the fire. While they slowly started to heat up, he mixed the snake fangs with standard ingredient and ground them to a fine powder in his mortar.

Once the brew was boiling, he turned the heat down. he added the crushed ingredients as well and stirred it like the recipe said. Then he had to wait. He looked at the slowly bubbling potion. That was a mistake, for his bladder gave him an angry twinge. He quickly looked away from the liquid. The water was making its way through him even faster than he had expected. Theo eyed the recipe in his book again. It said to let the brew simmer for 95 minutes. Even if he cut that in half as Professor Snape had said, it was still almost an hour! And the potion wasn't even finished then. Theo began to wonder if he could make it through detention. He nervously started to seesaw his legs and looked around in the room.

Professor Snape was immersed in his reading. Some worn looking grimoire, probably on forbidden potions or undetectable poisons or somesuch. Or so Theo imagined. He tried to get a glimpse at the title, but the Professor was covering it with his hand.

Potter was still busily scraping away at the petrified flobberworm mucus.

“You missed a splotch there”, Theo helpfully informed him.

Potter shot him an annoyed glance and continued his work. Theo eyed his brew again, then he looked at the clock. Hardly any time had passed. He felt a spasm from his bladder. He really, really had to piss! He scissored his legs. It was weird, his bladder was so full it almost felt painful, but at the same time it made his member start to get stiffly. Theo had trouble concentrating on anything but the conflicting sensations in his lower abdomen.

“Is Malfoy OK?”

Theo almost jumped at Potter's whispered words. He hadn't noticed the other boy slowly make his way over. Potter was now working on the table one row behind Theo's. Theo sat up straight and tried to stop fidgeting.

He eyed Professor Snape to make sure he was still reading, then he turned around and silently hissed back at Potter: “Yeah, don't worry, your Mudblood friend doesn't hit that hard!” In the morning they had had a little run-in with with Potter and Granger. They had made fun of Draco – like they didn't know exactly how he really had ended up in the girl's bathroom! Especially Granger had acted all lofty and righteous. Draco had told her to shut up and when he had tried to grab her, she actually had slapped him in the face and called him a creep.

“Don't call her that!”, Potter said, “and she had a point!”

They both stared at each other angrily. After an awkward moment of silence, Potter added: “I was talking about last evening. With his dad.”

Theo's heart skipped a beat and he almost let a tiny drip escape into his briefs. He quickly pressed his legs together. Calmly, he said: “No idea what you're talking about, Potter.”

Potter bit his lip. “I saw, OK? Is he alright?”

Theo jumped up and drew his wand. He pointed it right at Potter's face. “It's all your fault!”, he hissed angrily, “are you happy about what you did? Do you have to rub it in? I swear, if you say a word to Draco-”

“Mr. Potter! Mr. Nott!”, Professor Snape's sharp voice interrupted him, “I suggest you let Mr. Nott work in peace, Mr. Potter!”

“Sorry, Sir!”, they both said. Theo slowly lowered his wand and sat back down. He could feel he had dampened his briefs a tiny bit.

“I just felt sorry for him”, Potter muttered, “if you're such an ass about it, I regret I even asked!”

They exchanged another long, loathing stare, then Theo made a point of turning back around and focusing on his brew again while Potter continued his work in silence.

Staring at the lazily bubbling liquid brought Theo's thoughts back on his current issues. He surreptitiously moved a hand down and grabbed himself. He moaned silently. Merlin, he was getting hard for real! He felt the little wetness of his briefs against his skin and it turned him on even more. Theo secretly eyed Potter, the ass had made his way to a row of desks further in the back. Theo's eyes wandered to the Professor. Engrossed in his reading again.

Theo fidgeted. He eyed the clock. Still ten minutes to go before he could take his brew off the stove. Maybe he could let out just a little squirt to ease the pressure a bit? Just enough to dampen his briefs some more. He eyed Professor Snape again. The thought of deliberately peeing himself right in front of him and Potter felt exciting. Terrifying. But really exciting!

He shifted around a bit on his seat and made sure again that neither of the two was watching him. Then he tried to relax. His bladder felt like it was bursting, yet he had trouble to let go. He tried to push. Suddenly, he felt a small squirt get out. Panicky, he immediately stopped the flow.

His briefs hardly felt any wetter. Theo looked down, nothing showed on his trousers yet. He closed his eyes and relaxed again. Another squirt escaped, longer this time. The wetness spread to his butt and Theo quickly forced himself to stop. His bladder spasmed fiercely in protest, he doubled over and groaned silently, but he managed. Peeing a little almost had made him have to go even worse!

Once the pain subsided, he quickly sat up again. Neither the Professor not Potter seemed to have noticed a thing. Theo worriedly looked down. His trousers didn't show any wetness in the crotch, but he was afraid he might have soaked their back a little. Fuck, his briefs felt really damp! He had a full-on erecting right now.

He turned off the stove and threw the wolfsbane sprigs into his cauldron. He didn't really care if he had waited long enough. A few counter-clockwise stirs and a wave of his wand and the brew turned a greenish-turquoise hue. Theo eyed his textbook. That was probably right.

“Professor Snape?”, he asked, “I'm done!”

The Professor put the grimoire aside and came over. He critically examined the potion.

“It's acceptable”, he finally decided, “I expect more from you, Mr. Nott! Go clean up you things!”

“Yes Sir! Sorry, Sir!”, Theo said.

He made sure his robe covered any possible wetness on his trousers as he got up, then he dumped the content of his cauldron into the sink. He felt another small squirt escape into his pants and he desperately pressed his legs together. He quickly rinsed the cauldron – which was pure agony. Then he ran back to his desk and stuffed his things into his school bag.

“All done, Sir! May I go now?”, he asked, trying not to jump from one foot to the other too obviously.

“You may. Mr. Potter, you can finish for today as well!”, Professor Snape said.

Theo hastily walked out. The second he had passed the door and was out of sight, he started running. He made a beeline for the bathroom across the hallway and burst inside. He dropped his school bag and cauldron on the floor and rushed over to the urinal, pulling down his trousers and his damp briefs while he ran. Then he started peeing. He was wetting so forceful, the jet splattered loudly on the porcelain. His erection made it hard to aim.

Theo silently moaned. He couldn't believe he had been able to hold in so much pee. It felt like he pissed for an eternity.

Finally, his bladder had fully emptied and his stream ran dry. Theo examined his trousers and like he had feared, the back was a little wet. He got out his wand and cast a quick cleaning charm on them. Then he pointed the wand at his briefs, but he hesitated. After a moment of deliberation, he just pulled them up wet as they were. They didn't feel hot any more like they had right after he had peed them but a bit clammy already and they clung to his skin. Theo closed his eyes and felt over the wet fabric with his hand, rubbed it against his stiff member. Another moan escaped him, louder this time. It felt so naughty!

He quickly pulled up his trousers over the wet briefs and went over to the sinks to wash his hands. He carefully examined his butt in the mirror to make sure the briefs didn't soak through the trousers, then he grabbed his stuff and left.

*020*2015-02-09 21:01

Saturday, November 6th

Draco was still a bit down and he tried to avoid his schoolmates. Especially today. Everybody talked about the Quidditch game. And on top of everything else, it was his fault Slytherin wasn't playing and Gryffindor would face Hufflepuff instead. So he really was not in the mood to go watch the match. His ass still hurt, too, and he wasn't keen on sitting on a wooden bench in that dreadful weather out there for hours on end either.

Theo was the only one who wasn't either still mad at him or wanted to ridicule him, so Draco was quite happy he chose to stay as well and keep him company. Once everyone else had left the two sneaked up the top of the Astronomy Tower and made themselves comfortable in the Astronomy classroom. No one would bother them up there, everyone was at the Quidditch match, it was almost like they had the entire castle all for themselves. Besides, no one usually came up here outside classes anyways – technically, they weren't exactly allowed to be here either. Just to make extra sure, Theo had cast a ward on the door.

They lay down on the floor right by the big window. Usually they would have had a phenomenal view of the castle grounds and the forbidden forest, but with the storm that was raging on outside, they could hardly see all the way to the Quidditch pitch. The tempest was almost an even more impressive sight. They could almost imagine the tower quaking under its onslaught, the angry wind howling around it and rain constantly hammering against the big window. Draco shuddered, the downpour made him have to pee. Maybe it wasn't so bad they weren't playing today after all, he really didn't want to be out there on his broom. Potter probably was soaked to his bones already, there was no way he'd even see the snitch, let alone catch it in that dreadful weather!

Theo put his arm around Draco's shoulders, and Draco let it happen.

“So you send an owl to your parents this morning?”, Theo asked.

“Yeah, to my mom. To... explain things”, Draco said.

“Think she'll believe you?”

“I don't know. Dad probably still wants to kill me.”

Theo inched closer and snug up to Draco. He suggested: “You can always hide out at my place till they've calmed down.”

Draco chuckled.

“Seriously!”, Theo said, “say, umh, I wanted to ask... wanna spend Christmas at my place? My dad is working all the time, he doesn't care what we do. We'd practically have the house all for ourselves. It'd be great!”

He looked so nervous as he asked.

“That sounds kinda cool”, Draco admitted and pressed a kiss on Theo's lips. Theo's eyes grew wide in surprise, then he hugged Draco and eagerly kissed him back. “It's agreed then!”, he said as their lips finally parted for a moment again.

“I have to ask my parents first”, Draco cautioned, “I should probably wait for my mom's answer first.”

Theo gently pushed Draco over so he came to lay on his back and crawled on top of him. Draco's bladder twitched in protest as Theo unintentionally pressed down on it. Draco had had to pee for a while, but it felt so good to have Theo cuddled up to him and he hadn't wanted to get up. It didn't help that Theo was leaning on his stomach, though.

Theo tried to kiss him again, the real naughty kind with tongue. Draco pushed him away a little. “You sure the door is locked?”, he asked while he wiggled around a bit, trying to find a position where Theo's thigh wasn't firmly planted in his lower abdomen.

“Yeah, absolutely sure!”, Theo said and pressed his lips against Draco's again. Draco opened his mouth to let his tongue in. Theo snug even closer to Draco as they continued to kiss and Draco put his arms around Theo's shoulders.

After a very long time, their lips finally parted again. “Theo?”, Draco asked softly.

“Yeah?”, Theo smiled.

“Can you get off me for a second? I gotta pee.”

“Just hold it”, Theo murmured.

“I can't! I have been for the last hour. Come on, move!”

“Don't wanna.”

“Come on, you're pressing down on my bladder!”

Theo drew even closer and shifted his legs around a bit, pushing on Draco's lower abdomen even more. “No.”

Draco groaned. “Stop it! I'm gonna piss my pants!” His bladder spasmed and he panicky moved a hand down, but Theo caught it.

“Just do it then!”, he said.

“WHAT?”, Draco asked.

Theo gently, but firmly forced Draco's hand back up. He faced Draco and softly repeated: “I said: Do it! We can clean up afterward easy enough.”

Draco gasped as Theo leaned down on his bladder even more. “Don't!”, he whined, horrified, “I'll loose it for real!” He squirmed as he felt a first drip dampen his briefs. “Please! It'll get all over you, too!”

“I don't mind. Just let go!”, Theo cooed and pressed a kiss on Draco's lips as he pushed down on him even more.

Draco moaned, his bladder spasmed so madly. Another squirt escaped into his briefs, then suddenly his floodgates fully gave way. He tried to stop it, but he just couldn't. He felt the hot piss surge into his pants, it felt so good, Draco shuddered as he forcefully started to piss himself.

The wetness seeped through his trousers within seconds and spread around him, he was mortified at what was happening. He closed his eyes, too ashamed to look at his friend, but too relieved to stop peeing.

After an eternity, when his bladder finally had fully emptied and he had long since stopped wetting, Draco dared to open his eyes again to face Theo. Theo hadn't said a single word still, he hadn't drawn away either. He was just looking down on Draco, smiling softly. Draco croaked: “I'm sorry! I-I warned you!”

He wiggled around under Theo awkwardly. Then he felt it.

“Man, you got a stiffie?”, he asked.

Theo blushed heavily. “Sorry. That... that was kinda hot!”

“You're weird!”

“Good weird or bad weird?”, Theo asked, cautious.

“Weird weird!”, Draco decided.

They both grinned, and Theo kissed him again. Theo's hand wandered down to Draco's wet pants. Draco gasped as he felt the touch, but he didn't stop Theo as the hand first unbuttoned his trousers and then slid into his briefs.

*022*2015-02-13 18:03

Well, that's a lucky coincidence then. The next chapter has more Theo naughtiness. Enjoy!

Thursday, November 11th

The other students were still talking behind Draco's back, so he wasn't too unhappy about the extra assignment Professor Snape had given him. Theo had to do some work of his own and they couldn't hang out like usual. The assignment gave Draco an excuse to hide in the library where few people bothered him. Though, of cause, when he arrived know-it-all Granger was sitting at a table in the front to announce to all the world what a diligent and hardworking Mudblood she was. She gave him the stink eye, did she think he was stalking her or something? Ridiculous!

Draco ignored her and approached Madam Pince to hand her his permission slip for the restricted section. She took the note from him and held it to the light to examine Professor Snape's signature, like she was convinced it had to be a forgery. It passed her test however, and she grudgingly returned the note to him.

“Wait here!”, she instructed and went to fetch his book for him.

While he waited, Draco eyed Granger, she was still staring at him. He grimaced back at her.

Madam Pince returned and handed a copy of Moste Potente Potions to him. “Here you are, boy. Be careful with that!”

“Thanks”, Draco muttered. He wasn't sure which she was referring to, the contents of the book or the book itself. Probably both. He looked over to Granger again. “Can I borrow it?” Somehow, the quiet of his bedroom seemed way more comfortable than the library with Granger's constant stare burning in his neck.

Madam Pince looked like she had bitten into an especially sour lemon. “You may”, she said.

Every time Draco dared to ask to borrow a book, she treated him like a criminal, even though he had never done anything to deserve her scorn. He was no ill-bred Mudblood who ripped out pages or doodled all over them! And he had dutifully returned every book he had borrowed – not always exactly on time maybe, but never even a single dogear on a page! He signed for Moste Potente Potions and quickly slipped out before she could change her mind.

Back in his room, he lay down on his bed and opened the book. He wasn't really in the mood to begin with his essay, besides, this treasure in his hands was a book full of forbidden potions! So, naturally, he had to study it at length. He looked over the table of contents – everything sounded interesting, so he just started to browse.

In truth, none of the potions in Moste Potente Potions were forbidden for real, they were more like really complicated and dangerous if done wrong. Still exciting. And Merlin, there were quite a few more than dangerous ones among them! Of cause, they weren't identified as poisons per se, but Draco wasn't stupid. Often, the only difference between a potent healing potion and a deadly poison was the dosage. Professor Snape always went to great lengths to warn them about the adverse effects of getting this or that part of a recipe wrong or of making some brew too strong. Only, what if you didn't do it by accident? Draco had long realized that the Professor used this loophole to teach his less daft students about poisons right under that do-gooder Dumbledore's nose. The potions in Moste Potente Potions were very potent indeed and they all came with a long list of warnings. One just had to read it right to learn about the potential.

For a while Draco indulged in the fantasy of killing Potter and the Weasel with one of the especially slow poisons – and watch them in their agony. He grinned and skipped ahead a few more pages. There were a lot of advanced and very interesting poisons in this book! Very interesting, and possibly useful for revenge. Of cause he didn't actually intend to kill the two assholes – humiliate certainly, maim maybe, but not murder... probably – but not every brew was only useful for its nasty side effects and not every nasty side effect was outright deadly.

Polyjuice potion for example. That one sounded interesting. Maybe he could disguise himself as some Mudblood and sneak into the Gryffindor dormitories to... to what? Win a duel against all Gryffindors at once? He shrugged off the thought and looked at the potion on the next page. Laxative potion. Strong laxative. He giggled. Somehow, even the intended effect of that brew sounded like a hilarious curse to him. It was followed by a diuretic potion. Fuck, they had made him wet his pants so often, he'd SO get back at them with that for real! In a way, he was already being punished for allegedly poisoning Potter, so why not? It even warned never to take the potion undiluted for it was very potent. Perfect! Just perfect!

The only downside was that he didn't have all of the ingredients. But he knew Professor Snape had a supply for his advanced classes, Draco would somehow have to sneak them out of his office. That was a minor problem. “Minor” as in “excruciatingly painful death” if he got himself caught, but that just meant he mustn't let the Professor catch him, right?

* * *

Theo breathlessly rushed into the library, he was late. Of cause, Granger was already there, and she didn't look too happy. He quickly got over to her. They were supposed to give a presentation on why Muggles needed electricity together for Muggle studies. Teamed up with a Mudblood. For a presentation on Muggles. Theo probably should have considered himself fortunate for scoring the easiest 'Outstanding' in his life. If only know-it-all Granger weren't already insufferable when she merely thought she knew better than anyone else. She was worse when she actually did.

He sat down besides her and smiled: “Hi, sorry I-”

“You're late”, she cut him off instead of a greeting.

Their truce-like relationship had cooled off considerably since that incident with Draco.

“I'm sorry”, Theo said meekly. He reminded himself that it was Granger and her friends who were in the wrong here.

“What is it with you boys always putting off work?”

“I already got through all the articles Professor Burbage gave us”, Theo huffed. He showed her the newspaper clippings. “Here, I underlined the important parts. I think those two are the most useful for our presentation. That one is about the dangers of electricity, I really don't get how Muggles can survive with all that.”

Granger hardly glanced at the clippings. “I thought maybe we should start our presentation with some the most common misconceptions witches and wizards have about electricity and then we would explain how it really works.”

“What? Why? What misconceptions?”

She eyed the newspaper stories again. “Theodore, what do you actually know about electricity?” She had begun to call him by his given name some time ago, and though he made a point of continuing to address her with her surname, she stubbornly refused to get the message.

“Well”, Theo said hesitantly. Not much, if he was completely honest. “Well”, he repeated, “there are different kinds of electricity?” That he knew for a fact. Once a man had come to their house, who had wanted to sell them some new kind of electricity, he had even left Theo a brochure on it for his dad. Theo hadn't really gotten what made this new kind different, but apparently it was somehow better and cheaper than the old one. Probably made electric things run smoother or something. The pictures in the brochure hadn't moved, though. Theo suspected it had been electric, too, and that was why it didn't work at their home. “And Muggles are really dependent on it. Since they know no magic, they have to run everything on electricity. But it is a bad substitute. It is really complicated to get it to work properly. Electricity breaks real easy, too. Like, residual magic can break it. Or just bad weather... I think?”

Granger sighed.

Theo back-pedaled: “I mean, you probably know way more about those things, being a Mudblood and all... Merlin! I'm sorry, I didn't-”

“Mudblood and proud of it!”, Granger said aloud.

“I didn't mean to say that! I'm really sorry!”, Theo tried to hush her.

“But I am a Mudblood, am I not?”, she asked.

“Don't call yourself that, OK? It's... demeaning. A-anyways, since you know better about it... what's wrong with those articles?”

“For starters, they're all written by wizards.”

“Yeah?”, Theo agreed, unsure what her problem was.

“Maybe they should have asked a Muggle instead or at least a Mudblood.”

Theo winced at the word. “But, look, this one is even written by your friend's dad, he's an expert on Muggles, isn't he?”

“Mr. Weasley can't even spell 'electricity' right”, Granger pointed out.

Theo had wondered about that. In fact, he had been a bit worried that this 'eckeltricity' stuff Mr. Weasley kept on talking about in his article might have been something entirely different from the subject of their essay. He asked: “So, what do you suggest we should base our presentation on instead?”

He had hoped to give Granger some pause with that question, but she only seemed to have waited for it. She said: “Here, I asked my parents to send me my old elementary school science book.”

She got a rather strange book from her bag and showed it to Theo. It was quite thin and it said “Physics” on the cover in multi-coloured letters over some equally colourful pictures. Granger opened it and skipped through the pages until she apparently had found the chapter she was looking for. The inside was illustrated with many pictures and drawings as well though none seemed to move – maybe they were electric – and there was surprisingly little text. The pages were strange, too. Of cause, Theo knew what paper was, several of the Muggle-born students used paper writing pads, but he had rarely seen a book made of it.

“It's actually quite easy”, Granger interrupted his bemused observations, then she started to speak in utter gibberish. She pointed at this diagram or that drawing while she talked about batteries and electric circuits and light bulbs and magnets and... Theo's head started to spin. He honestly tried to follow her explanations and it actually sounded kind of fascinating. There were certain rules to how electricity worked, so much he got, just like there were with magic. Only, unlike magic, he didn't understand those rules one bit!

Granger continued to talk. And talk. And talk. Theo's eyes started to glaze over. He groaned silently. That girl loved to hear her own voice! She was in the middle of some lengthy speech about batteries, when Theo tried to interrupt her for what was about the third time: “Umh, Granger?”

She just droned on. He half-suspected she wouldn't even notice if he quickly got up to go to the loo, but that would be rude. Louder, he repeated: “Granger!”

“I thought, maybe we could even build a lemon battery for demonstration. What do you think?”, she said.

“A what?”, Theo asked, confused.

“Lemon battery. If you put two pieces of metal in a lemon, you can power a small electric light with it”, she explained matter-of-factly.

“Dragon shit!”, Theo said, “that's not a battery!”

“Honestly, you can build a battery from a lemon, look!” She pointed at a picture of two halved lemons with some wires sticking out of them. “We build one in Muggle elementary school.”

Theo eyed the picture suspiciously, he still was half convinced Granger was pulling his leg. “I guess. Why don't you write that down while I quickly go to the loo-”

He was already halfway up, but she grabbed his arm. “Oh no, you don't!”, she said resolutely, “Ron and Harry always play the same trick on me! You'll be gone forever and I'll end up doing all the work by myself!” She went on about how they were supposed to do their assignment together and how this was a unique opportunity to present both views on the subject... and mostly on how boys were foolish and lazy oafs and how she had had it with them and their tricks and wouldn't put up with any more ruses to get out of work. Theo wasn't quite sure if he should feel more sorry for her or for Potter and Weasley.

He sat back down. He actually had to pee, but he told himself it wasn't that urgent and he could hold it a while longer. Granger WAS a bit scary when she got angry. And he really didn't have to go THAT urgent.

He obediently got a piece of parchment and copied down the instructions on how to build a lemon battery. One lemon. Light emitting diode. Wires. Two metal e-l-e-c-t-r-o-d-e-s (Theo made sure to spell the word right. Apparently, Mr. Weasley was correct and there were different kinds of electricity after all). Granger insisted on them being made from two specific, different metals. Theo considered it mostly superstition, but her textbook said so, too, so he made a note of them being copper and zinc.

They continued to plan what else to do in their presentation. Theo ended up mostly writing down what Granger said, though she occasionally did ask for his input. It usually ended up in the “common misconceptions wizards have about electricity”-category. Theo was a bit irked by that, but on the other hand Granger by far didn't know everything about electricity either. It was actually quite fun to see her first dismissively trash his questions to then watch her grasp for words herself and bury her head in that Muggle textbook on a search for an explanation.

Time flew by, and soon Theo was on his third piece of parchment. They would have to cut out some of their examples if they even wanted to have time left for the actual topic of their presentation. He was kind of getting desperate for the loo, though. He had had an extra glass of pumpkin juice for lunch and hadn't been to the bathroom since. He started to nervously rock his knee. His bladder felt so full! Of cause, he could just have told Granger that he really needed the loo and went at any time. But in a strange way it had turned him on when the bossy girl had denied him the bathroom and in his mind it had become some weird game between them.

As his need grew, he was increasingly unable to focus on their work, but he didn't say a word, fantasizing about Granger refusing him his much needed relief. Granger noticed his inattentiveness and got quite irritated, again launching into a tirade about lazy boys. Her bad temper fit in well with Theo's imaginary scenario.

He silently moaned and bend over at an especially bad twinge from his lower abdomen. His left hand wandered down to his crotch to give himself an urgently needed squeeze. Merlin, he was getting hard again!

“Are you even listening?”, Granger fumed, “you're as bad as Ron! Why do I always end up doing you boys' work for you?”

Theo's bladder spasmed and a small squirt escaped into his briefs. He gasped and desperately pressed his legs together. Suddenly, he realized that he was about to loose it for real. Right there. It felt like the most terrifying and at the same time the most exciting thing that could possibly happen to him. Then his brain started working again. He couldn't have a real accident in public! Staggering, Theo got to his feet. Granger was still complaining about the Weasel's short attention span or something. “Sorry, I really gotta go to the bathroom!”, he muttered. He ignored Granger's protest and, his hand pressed to his groin, quickly made his way over to the exit.

Luckily, there was a boy's room just across the hallway, Theo ran over and burst inside. The sight of the row of urinals made his bladder twitch and he felt another squirt dampen his already quite wet briefs some more. Theo made a step towards the urinals and panicky fumbled with his belt, then he stopped. Jumping in place, he turned around to the toilet stalls to make sure he really was alone. None was occupied. Theo bit his lip, then he made a decision and hobbled over to the nearest stall. With a sigh, he pushed the door shut behind himself.

Then he removed the hand that was still firmly pressed to his groin and looked down at himself. He felt like he was bursting, yet it was surprisingly difficult to overcome years of training and just let go. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He slowly exhaled and tried to relax. Suddenly, he felt the hot wetness seep through his briefs and spread on his chest all the way up to his navel. He gasped. His stiff member was pointing straight up.

Once he had started, he wouldn't have been able to close his floodgates again even if he had tried. The piss soaked the bottom half of his shirt and the front of his pants, began to run down his legs and into his shoes. His trousers turned a glittering dark with wetness. It reached the bottom of his pants legs and gushed out, pooling around his feet. Theo tried to slow down his stream so the fabric had more time to soak it all up. He felt that kind of sensation like he was about to cum right as he was peeing.

Theo moaned aloud. He got a little dizzy and had to lean against the cubicle wall. Panting, he let the last of his piss flow out of him. Merlin's knickers! He had never come before without even touching himself!

When he had caught his breath, he looked down at his completely soaked trousers. He shifted around a bit to savour the feeling, but the piss was cooling off fast and his pants were already getting clammy. Theo sighed.

Then he remembered that Granger was probably already impatiently waiting for his return. For a second he had the horrible vision of her storming into the boy's room to drag him back to work, wet trousers and all. He hurriedly cast a cleaning spell on himself and vanished the puddle on the floor, then he stepped over to the sinks to wash his hands and quickly got out of the loo.

A surprisingly meek Granger greeted him back in the library: “Sorry, I didn't realize you actually had to go bad. Why didn't you say so?”

Theo just silently sat down besides her again. Of cause, his pants were completely dry now, but just knowing what he had done in them not a minute ago made running around in these trousers feel so wicked! Theo's member was still stiff as a board. A silent moan escaped him as he nervously shifted around in his chair, overwhelmed by the feeling of complete naughtiness. Granger eyed him, confused and already growing impatient again. Theo quickly composed himself.

He couldn't really concentrate on their work anymore, though, and finally a somewhat irritated Granger gave up and they decided to finish their presentation the next day.

*023*2015-02-15 15:46

Sorry, not much omorashi in this chapter, but I promise the next one will make up for it.

Friday, November the 12th

Draco had spend most of the evening thinking over his idea and by morning he had it all figured out. He just needed Theo's help.

Like usual, Theo went to the loo before their potions lesson, and made sure Draco went with him. Draco was still a bit embarrassed that Theo would remind him of his bathroom needs, though today he followed him in without complains. Once inside, Theo immediately headed for the urinals, but Draco cornered him. He grabbed him by his arm and shoved him into one of the cubicles, pushing him against the wall.

“You're not normally that eager!”, Theo grinned, surprised, “I really gotta piss, you know? I haven't been to the loo since yesterday evening”, then he pressed a passionate kiss on Draco's lips. Draco could feel Theo's stiffie through his pants.

“Like that doesn't turn you on even more, you little pervert!”, he whispered and returned the kiss, but when Theo's hands wandered down and tried to get into Draco's trousers, he quickly grabbed them and forced them away.

“Wait!”, he grinned, “there is something I wanted to ask you. I need you to do me a real big favour!”

Theo's naughty hands went back to Draco's pants.

“Not that kind of favour!”, Draco laughed and tried to catch them.

“OK, I'll do it!”, Theo grinned and kissed him again.

“Don't you want to know what it is first?”

“No”, Theo purred. When had those bad hands unbuckled Draco's belt?

“I need you to help me break into Professor Snape's office.”

That sobered Theo up alright. “Have you gone completely insane?”, he spluttered, “no way!”

“Look, I've worked it all out! We ask Professor Snape for some volunteer work to improve our grades and earn some extra house points“, Draco explained, “and then you distract him so I can sneak into his office unnoticed. I just need some potion ingredients, I'll be only a second!”

“You are mad!”, said Theo. Strong words from someone who enjoyed peeing his pants.

“Well, do you want that Granger Mudblood get a better grade than you again this year?”

“No, my dad would skin me”, Theo admitted, “but that's not the point! Merlin's pants, Snape will kill us both and then he gets us in detention for all eternity!”

“You already promised”, Draco pointed out.

“No way, I'm not suicidal!”

“Fine, I'm doing it on my own then!”, Draco said angrily and turned around.

“Wait-”, Theo begged and embraced him from behind.

Draco brushed off Theo's arms and marched out of the cubicle. He turned towards the door.

“Wait!”, Theo repeated urgently and made a step after him, then he abruptly stopped, crossed his legs and grabbed himself. “Dragon dung!”, he muttered and hurriedly shuffled over to the urinal just as Draco stepped out on the corridor. Grinning to himself, Draco went over to the classroom and sat down at his usual place in the row behind Crabbe and Goyle. “Morning”, he said. The two turned around and happily greeted him. Draco had refused to let them copy his potions homework for a whole week – it had done wonders to reduce the two to their proper deferential state again. Neither of them would even mention the incident on the girl's toilet anymore, though Draco was still a bit pissed and considered withholding his homework for another week.

Theo joined them and sat down besides Draco. “I'm sorry”, he murmured. When Draco didn't reply, Theo shut up as well, which was just fine by Draco. If the traitor wouldn't help, Draco sure didn't need to hear his yammering.

They spend the lesson working in silence, occasionally catching each other at staring at the other, both pretending to be mad. Even so, Professor Snape praised the quality of their potion, which was a sign of how good a team the two had become.

Still, Draco was surprised that Theo got up as well and fell in besides him when after class he approached the teacher's desk. “What do you want?”, Draco silently hissed at him.

“I'm not letting you do this”, Theo whispered back.

Then they both fell silent as the Professor had noticed them. “Mr. Malfoy, Mr. Nott, can I help you?”

If that snitch wanted to rat him out, let him! Draco was not going to back down! He said: “Professor, I wanted to ask if maybe you had some extra work I could help with outside class-”

“That both of us could help with!”, Theo interrupted him.

“That we both could help with”, Draco agreed with a mistrustful glance at his friend, “to improve our grades and to earn some of the house points back that I lost.”

Professor Snape looked them over sceptically. “You two gentlemen are volunteering for extra work?”, he asked. Draco thought the Professor really didn't have to sound that cynical about the suggestion. Sure, it wasn't exactly common for either of them to step forward like this, but still!

“Yes, Sir.”

The Professor thought about it for a moment. He ventured: “Professor Sprout is running low on fertilizer. You could help brew some for her.”

Theo grimaced, though he nodded his agreement just as Draco did.

“Good. Report to the potions lab in the afternoon – and bring your gloves!”

* * *

After their last lesson of the day – Defense Against the Dark Arts, which they both kind of liked, though now that Professor Lupin was back, they only learned about dull stuff again, not exciting things like werewolves, and Draco and Theo both missed Professor Snape – the two made their way down to the dungeons.

Theo had been trying to talk Draco out of his plan all day.

“Look, I'm doing this with out without your help!”, Draco told him, “are you gonna rat on me or not?”

“Of cause I won't!”, Theo said, hurt.

“So you're gonna help me then”, Draco decided.

Theo looked at him darkly, though he gave up on trying to change Draco's mind. If Draco absolutely had to get himself into life-long detention, so be it, but he was not going to help him with that!

Professor Snape awaited them in their classroom, he had already prepared two big cauldrons in the front of the room.

“Ah, Mr. Malfoy, Mr. Nott, there you are. You can begin right away!”, he greeted them, “I assume you remember how to make dragon dung fertilizer?”

“Yes, Sir”, the two said, less than thrilled.

The Professor had Theo come to the blackboard. Then he made Draco recite the recipe while Theo noted it down. It was easy enough. Stew some mandrake. Add more water and seven parts of dragon dung, put in a sloth brain and two rat spleens. Slightly toast a dragonfly thorax over the fire before you add it. Constantly stir while the mix cooks. Try not to choke on the smell. Take off the heat when it becomes gooey.

“Well, you have everything here you need”, Professor Snape pointed at the prepared reagents on the teacher's desk and a huge barrel in the corner, “Your recipe was for size two cauldrons, these are size eight, so you will have to to use four times the amount for the reagents!”

“Yes, Professor.”

Professor Snape made them correct the numbers on the blackboard – the Professor had to deal with Mudblood Gryffindors and other imbeciles all the time, so he occasionally forgot that some of his students actually could count – but once he was sure they had their numbers right, he told them to get going.

They began with the mandrake. While it stewed, they prepared the other ingredients. At last, they put on their gloves and went to weigh up the dragon dung. Its awful stink filled the room the second Theo lifted the barrel's lid.

“Thank you so much for this experience”, he whispered to Draco while he shoveled twenty-eight pounds of dragon dung in the vat they had placed on the scales.

“I didn't force you to come!”

“Yeah.”

Together, they carried the vat over to the first cauldron and lifted it up to dump the vile contents into the boiling water. Then they repeated the process for the second batch – Theo insisted that this time the rewarding task of filling the vat fell to Draco.

Professor Snape made sure they prepared the correct amount of each ingredient, but he apparently was just as keen as Theo and Draco to oversee the whole procedure. He hardly waited until they had filled the second cauldron with dragon dung, when he asked if they had any more questions about the brew. Since neither of them did, the Professor informed them that he had some urgent business to attend to elsewhere but that he would be back shortly. In the meantime they should fetch Professor Sprout from the teachers' lounge if there were any problems. He hardly waited for their nods before he was out of the room.

“Great!”, Draco immediately seized the opportunity, “keep a lookout at the door!”

“No! You're going to get us both into real big trouble!”, Theo said, alarmed.

Draco didn't listen, he just went over to the door to Professor Snape's office. He tried the handle without success, then he bowed down to inspect the lock. He got out his wand.

“You're mad! What if it's got a ward on it!”, Theo hissed.

“Alohomora!”, Draco exclaimed as he pointed his wand at the lock. It audibly clicked. “Just warn me if the Professor gets back!”, he said with a grin and tried the handle again, this time the door opened and he quickly slipped inside.

“No!”, Theo cried after him, but it was to no avail, “dragon dung”, he muttered. He angrily stared at the passageway, then he went over to the entrance to keep a lookout after all. What else was he to do?

Draco took his sweet time while Theo was sweating blood from worry. He constantly ran to stir the cauldrons and back to his lookout post at the door again. Finally, Draco reappeared. He silently closed the office door behind him and cast a locking spell on it, then he ran over to his school bag to stuff some dried plants into it.

He grinned: “Got everything!”

“You're completely insane! Isn't that Aconite? That's highly poisonous! What do you even need Wolfsbane for?”, Theo huffed.

“Oh come on, everything went according to plan!”, Draco said smugly, gleefully he explained: “I'm gonna get back at Potter. I'm-”

“You know what, I changed my mind. I don't want to know!”, Theo interrupted him.

“I'm not gonna hurt him for real or anything”, Draco muttered, defensively.

“I don't want to know.”

Theo was done arguing. This was getting insane and he didn't want anything to do with it. Draco looked at him almost disappointed, like Theo was the mad one. They continued their work in silence.

After an hour or so, just when the dragon dung fertilizer was starting to thicken, Professor Snape returned accompanied by Professor Sprout. Snape asked them if there had been any problems. “No, Sir”, they quickly said.

Theo felt awfully guilty. He nervously watched the Professor as he went over to unlock the door to his office and disappeared inside. Theo just knew there had been a ward and they were in deep dragon shit up to their necks. A moment later Professor Snape emerged from his office again with a pair of gloves in his hands. He put them on and went over to inspect their brews. He hadn't noticed anything amiss! Theo just stared at him, he couldn't believe their luck.

“Stop looking so guilty!”, Draco silently hissed, “are you trying to give us away?”

Theo quickly looked down, but the Professors either hadn't taken any notice or they thought it was the stench of the fertilizer that had made Theo look so queasy.

Once the brews had become completely gooey, they turned off the fires and the Professors enchanted the two cauldrons with a levitation charm. Snape pointed out to Professor Sprout that Theo and Draco had volunteered to help out. Professor Sprout looked surprised, though she thanked them both for their hard work. She told them this would reflect well on their Herbology grades, then she turned around and left, the stinking cauldrons lazily floating after her.

Professor Snape didn't bother with a thanks. He made them clean up the classroom and when they were done he just told them that they were free to leave. At least he was only his normal grouchy self and hadn't caught them. Theo thought them more than lucky for that.
