Draco's Mishaps

Author: Donar

*007*2014-10-14 14:52

Thank you!

I always appreciate any comments or feedback you might have. :)

The next two chapters are rather short, so here are both at once:

Friday, September 17th

Draco woke up in a wet bed like every morning and his bladder felt awfully full. As he opened his eyes, he saw that it wasn't his bed but he was in a room unfamiliar to him. For a second he panicked, then he remembered. His arm! He was in the hospital wing. He sighed and calmed down a little again. But he was still wet and he had to pee quite badly.

Just then he heard steps approaching and he quickly lay back down and pretended to be sleeping. His full bladder decided to twinge just then and Draco grimaced but he managed to stay still. Out of the corner of his eye he watched Madam Pomfrey walk past.

When she was gone, Draco reached under his pillow. He sighed in relief as his fingers found the wand and closed around it. He pulled it out, took another look in the direction Madam Pomfrey had disappeared to, then he hastily waved the wand over his bed and whispered the incantation of a cleaning spell. He had to try a few times because he wasn't used to hold the wand in his left hand and the spell fizzled.

Finally he managed to do the wand movement right and he felt the tickling sensation of the charm run down his body, cleaning away his mess, but also jerking his bladder, making it spasm fiercely in protest. Draco felt a tiny dribble escape and he desperately pressed his legs together to stop the flow.

When he thought it save to move again, he pushed his blanket away, sat up and swung his legs out of the bed. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, then he tried to get up and put some weight on his injured foot. It still hurt, but the foot carried his weight.

As quickly as his hurt ankle allowed him to, he hobbled over to the loo. Once inside, he looked around to made sure he was alone, then he entered the first cubicle. He pulled close and locked the door with some difficulty, he wasn't used to do things with just his off-hand. Then he opened the toilet lid and pulled at his pajama bottoms. Everything seemed so fiddly with just the one hand. He finally got his member free from his pants and aimed it at the bowl not a moment too early, for he felt his floodgates give way. With a relieved moan he started wetting. It didn't matter how wet his bed was, he always had to go bad when he woke up in the morning. When his bladder finally had emptied, he flushed the toilet and got over to the sink to wash his hand.

On his way back he ran into Madam Pomfrey. She wasn't happy he had gotten up on his own, but seeing how he was standing on it and not screaming in pain, she agreed that his ankle seemed better. She still made him sit down on his bed to check his arm and changed his bandage. The deep gash was gone and only a thin line of new, pink skin showed where it had been, but Madam Pomfrey insisted on putting a new bandage on him. At least she allowed Draco to return to his dorm after breakfast – though he wasn't to strain the arm and he would have to stop by the hospital wing in the evening so Madam Pomfrey could check on his bandage. And he wasn't to return to classes till the next week either. Draco didn't object to that at least.

Friday, September 24th

Today Draco had had his first Quidditch practice since his injury. That stupid nurse had insisted he wore a bandage and not use his arm the whole week. They even had had to reschedule their match against Gryffindor the following weekend because of him, even though he had so been looking forward to finally show Potter his place. Now the Gryffindors were playing against Hufflepuff instead.

When Draco came from the showers, Theo was already dressed and waiting for him in the locker room. Draco hurriedly slipped on his clothes as well and grabbed his Quidditch stuff. He didn't want to make Theo wait too long plus he kind of had to pee and he wanted to get back to their dorms quickly. They had made a habit of walking to the castle together after practice and Draco enjoyed the opportunity to talk to Theo.

While they walked, Draco excitedly recounted the training session, he really had missed Quidditch and flying on his broom and just playing with his friends again. He was really looking forward to winning the Quidditch cup for Slytherin this year, too – Theo and he both were sure they would. So they were talking animatedly and Draco didn't really pay much attention to where they were headed until they had already passed the first trees. Theo had led them down a path towards the forbidden forest instead of a directer way back to the castle. Draco started to wonder where his friend was even going and was about to ask when Theo sat down in a small grove and motioned for Draco to join him.

Draco sat down next to him and leaned on a tree, just then he felt an angry nudge from his bladder. He really had to take a leak soon, but he ignored it for now, after all he could just slip away for a moment to use the loo at their dorms before dinner once they were back at the castle. Theo moved closer to share some chocolate frogs with him, and as they continued to talk Draco soon forgot about his need again.

“Aww, Dippet”, Theo said, disappointed, and showed Draco his collectible card.

“Eww! I got Godric Gryffindor!”, Draco replied in fake horror.

They both laughed. While they ate, Theo inched closer and leaned against Draco's shoulder. Draco didn't really mind. Soon after they were done eating, Draco's bladder twitched again, demanding his immediate attention. He tried to get up, but Theo stopped him.

“Hey, where are you going?”, he asked.

“Nowhere”, Draco muttered and tried to wiggle away, but Theo grabbed his arm and dragged him back down. They playfully wrestled and Draco ended up on his back, Theo pinning him down.

“Where were you going?”, he repeated.

“I gotta take a piss, OK?”, Draco admitted, a bit embarrassed.

Theo laughed.

“Come on, get off me! I really gotta go, I've been holding it all though practice!”, Draco groaned.

Theo eyed him, amused. “Why didn't you just go in the showers if it is that urgent?”

“What?! In front of everyone?”, Draco gasped. The mere thought was mortifying.

Theo grinned: “I did. No one ever notices a thing.”

Draco stared at him, speechless, then he, too, started laughing, shaking his head.

“Draco? You ever kissed before?”, Theo abruptly changed the subject.

“Like a girl?”, Draco asked.

“Yeah! Of... of cause a girl! Who else?!”, Theo hurriedly agreed, blushing a little.

“No”, Draco admitted cautiously.

“Me neither”, Theo said. He hesitated a moment, then he asked: “Wanna practice?”

“Practice?”, Draco laughed. He froze as suddenly Theo bowed down and kissed him on his lips. Draco immediately pushed him away.

“Sorry! I thought you were... I was just...”, Theo stammered, his face red with embarrassment.

“You just surprised me”, Draco muttered, feeling himself blush as well. He uneasily looked away from Theo and for a moment there was awkward silence between them. Then Draco pushed Theo to the side. “I really gotta pee, get off me already!”

He scrambled over behind a nearby tree and undid his pants. Theo grinned as he heard Draco's relieved moan and his forceful stream hit the bark. He secretly peered over, but Draco was hidden behind the tree trunk. He quickly turned his back when he heard him finish.

After Draco was done with his business, he got back over and sat down again, but he kept a small distance away from Theo. They exchanged an awkward look.

“So... you like girls then?”, Theo finally asked.

“Don't you?”, Draco avoided the question by asking one of his own.

Theo eyed him queasily. He confessed: “Not really.”

“You're into guys?”, Draco asked. Theo nodded. Draco fell silent, thinking about that.

“So, do you?”, Theo asked.

“What?”

“Like girls?”

“I'm not sure”, Draco admitted, “everybody assumes you know such stuff about yourself. I don't. I... I mean, you haven't been with a girl before, either, right? So how do you even know you like guys better?”

“I just do.”

“Well, I don't!”, Draco said stubbornly.

They both fell silent for a while. Finally, Draco spoke up again: “So when you kissed me, that wasn't just practice?”

“I'm sorry! I don't know what... why I did... I felt... I wanted-”, Theo stammered.

Draco asked: “Wanna practice some more?”

*008*2014-10-16 19:09

Friday, October 1st

Draco really had to pee. He hadn't gone to the loo since before lunch as the bathroom across the great hall had been crowded. Then, after Defense Against the Dark Arts Theo had dragged him off to the library. So he was literally bursting when he finally had managed to get away from everyone. He usually didn't stray into this part of the castle – the hallways were infected with Gryffindors, as their dorms were right around the corner – and he certainly wouldn't have thought of using one of the loos here under normal circumstances. One never knew what nasty Mudblood disease one might catch in there.

But circumstances weren't normal and right now the bathroom sign Draco had spotted seemed like the most beautiful thing he had ever seen in his life. With what little dignity he still could muster, he fast-walked over. He didn't care if anyone saw him enter. Once inside, he suddenly found himself face to face with Potter and Weasley, the later had just finished at the urinal while the other was washing his hands. Draco stopped dead in his tracks. The two were equally surprised at his sudden entry, but they got over it first. They both reached for their wands.

“Who have we here?”, Potter asked, an evil grin sneaking on his face, “running around with a bandage for a full week and whining to your dad to get Hagrid into trouble! And we haven't yet thanked you for that detention with Snape either...”

“Yeah, he made us scrape flobberworm mucus off the desks for three hours”, Weasley added.

Draco tried to get at his own wand, but Potter pointed his directly at Draco's nose and warned: “Do try!”

Draco slowly moved the hand away from his pocket again.

“Your goons not with you?”, Weasley asked, though it was more of an observation. He grinned evilly.

“What are you doing here?”, Potter demanded.

“Loo. I... I was just...”, Draco trailed off, his eyes wandering over to the row of toilets.

“This is Gryffindor territory”, the Weasel mused.

Draco's bladder spasmed and he flinched. “Just let me use the toilet and I'll be gone right away!”

“Didn't you listen? You can't use this bathroom!”, Potter said.

“Yeah. You're not allowed in here!”, Weasley grinned.

Draco grimaced. “Come on, Please!”

“No.”

“Are you deaf?”

The two snickered.

Draco groaned as he felt another twinge in his lower abdomen. He knew he couldn't make it to another bathroom in time, but he still turned around. He didn't even get to make a single step.

“Locomotor Mortis!”, Potter screamed behind his back and he felt his legs freeze together.

Potter and Weasley strode around him and positioned themselves between him and the door.

“Where do you think you are going?”, Potter inquired.

The Weasel agreed: “Yeah, you haven't apologized for trespassing yet!”

He raised his wand to torture Draco with a tickling hex. Draco bend over laughing. To his horror, a few squirts of pee escaped him and he desperately grabbed himself. His briefs felt really damp, he only hoped nothing showed on his trousers yet. “Please”, he begged, “I really gotta wee!”

The two just laughed even more at his choice of words. He felt his face go red with embarrassment. Weasley cast another tickling hex and Draco fell to his knees, shaking with laughter. He lost another squirt, much bigger this time. He cried for them to stop, they just sneered at him. His bladder spasmed and suddenly he just couldn't hold it any more and it all flooded out of him. Draco started crying. He sobbed and laughed as he soaked his pants right in front of his two enemies.

* * *

Ron laughed even harder when he saw that Malfoy really was wetting himself. He gloated: “Malfoy is a baby! What will your friends say when they learn you still wet your pants?”

Harry was laughing, too, until he realized Malfoy had started to cry. He eyed Ron, but his friend didn't even think of lifting the hex.

“Stop it already, he's had enough”, Harry whispered softly.

Ron looked at him, confused, but he lowered his wand.

“I can't wait to tell Fred and George! The whole school will laugh at you, Malfoy!”, he laughed, “you coming, Harry?”

Still snickering, he turned around and walked out.

Harry gave Malfoy another look, the blonde boy was kneeling in front of him in a puddle of his own pee and was sobbing quietly. Malfoy stared back at him, his tear-filled eyes burning in humiliation and anger. Harry actually felt a bit bad about himself, he hadn't intended to go this far. For a second he thought of apologizing, but then he just quickly lifted the leg-lock curse from Malfoy, and without another word turned around and ran after Ron.

He caught up to him at the entrance to the great hall. Ron was headed straight for the Gryffindor table where his brothers sat.

“Ron!”, Harry stopped him, “don't tell them, OK?”

“What? Why?”

“I kind of feel bad for him”, Harry admitted.

“You can't be serious!”, Ron spluttered, “that pile of dragon shit deserved it!”

“Just keep it to yourself, OK?”

“Who deserved what?”, Hermione, who had walked over to them, asked.

“We accidentally ran into Malfoy in the loo, we just wanted to mess with him a bit to get back at him-”, Harry said.

“He totally pissed himself! For real!”, Ron interrupted.

“You made him wet his pants?”, Hermione asked, taken aback.

“We didn't mean to”, Harry said.

“It was great!”, Ron grinned.

“Ronald Bilius Weasley, you should be ashamed of yourself!”, Hermione shot him down, “both of you! You're turning into the same kind of bully as Malfoy!”

*010*2014-10-24 21:38

Thanks, glad you like it!

Again, a short chapter, so I'll post two at once.

Friday, October 29th

Draco had been burning for revenge all month, but there had never been an opportunity. Until one afternoon just after Quidditch practice he almost ran into Potter when he turned a corner in the hallway. They both were equally surprised, but this time Draco moved first. He instinctively reached for his wand. There was no one else around, this was his chance! Without thinking, he cast the first offensive spell that came to his mind.

“Serpensortia!”, he cried and a huge snake plopped out of the tip of his wand. With an angry hiss, it immediately started moving towards Potter.

Potter stumbled backwards, fumbling for his wand, failing to cast some spell to protect himself or to dispel the creature. Draco watched with a gleeful smile. Until Potter opened his mouth, that was. Potter hissed an angry command at the snake. Idiot! What had he been thinking! Never set a snake on a parselmouth!

The snake stopped and turned around, now slithering towards Draco even faster. He tried to remember the counter spell to dispel it, but in his panic he couldn't. Now it was he who staggered back and fell flat on his arse, he tried to crawl backwards, away from the angry teeth. The creature didn't attack, it just hovered in front of him, waiting. Potter casually walked over to gloat at him.

* * *

“Run, little Slytherin”, Harry taunted, “before you piss your pants again!”

He immediately regretted his words as he saw the expression on Malfoy's face, but before he could say another thing, Draco had already turned and ran away, crying with embarrassment and newly rekindled anger.

Harry gave the snake a sheepish look.

“I didn't mean to say that”, he told it.

It just looked back at him without emotion.

Harry didn't know how to dispel the creature nor how long its magic would last on its own.

“Don't do anything bad! And don't harm anyone!”, he instructed it before he, too, turned around and left.

Saturday, October 30th

Draco had been keeping to himself all day. He was still angry at himself for his stupidity, at Potter for embarrassing him yet again and at the world in general for being a terrible place and he just didn't want to see anyone. He had been hiding behind a stack of books in the furthest corner of the library all morning, brooding over his misfortune. Even Theo had finally given up and left him alone.

Draco hadn't eaten lunch, he didn't feel hungry. He skimmed through a book on medical potions without really reading any of it, nervously bumping his leg up and down. He hadn't gotten done more than the introduction for his essay either. Angrily, he pushed the book to the side. He started to scissor his legs, he had to piss bad. He couldn't even concentrate on being angry and miserable anymore. Dragon dung! With a silent curse, he got up.

On his way out of the library he saw Granger. Working hard as always, playing the model student, like she actually believed she could become a real wizard. When he went past her table, he accidentally on purpose toppled over her books.

“Oh, sorry, Mudblood!”, he grinned.

She shot him an angry glance, but then she just silently picked up the books and continued her work. The fact that she ignored him dampened Draco's mood even more. Filthy Mudblood! He was about to turn back to her, but an angry twinge in his lower abdomen reminded him of the more important business he had to attend to right now. He quickly left the library and hurried over to the bathroom across the hallway.

He had just stepped through the door and was about to run into the first stall, as a heavy hand fell on his shoulders. Draco hadn't really paid attention to the two older boys who had been heading for the loo as well. He had just figured he would wait inside his stall until they had finished their business and left again. The hand that had grabbed his shoulder forced him to turn around, it belonged to one of the Weasley twins. Like always, his brother was with him.

“Hello, Malfoy! We wanted to have a quick word with you”, Fred or George – Draco couldn't tell the two apart for his life – began.

“Let go of me!”, Draco demanded, trying to squirm out of the older boy's grip.

They didn't seem to hear him. The other brother said: “About Harry.”

“And a snake”, the first added.

“You see, we don't like people attacking our friends”, the second finished.

When the twins pulled their wands from their pocket, Draco immediately reached for his own, but he didn't even get to touch it before the brothers had already immobilized him with a full body-bind curse. Draco's limbs snapped together and he felt himself fall backwards. He hit the cubicle and slid down its wall, until he came to rest leaning on it, laying on his side. He was stiff as a board, couldn't even speak or call for help, only his eyes were free to move. He fearfully looked up at his two assailants.

The closer one bent down and, with a friendly smile, said: “We'll just leave you with a warning this time.”

“Don't mess with our friends!”, the other added.

With that, they turned around and just left Draco there. Draco wanted to call after them, to cry for help, but his lips wouldn't move and no sound escaped his mouth. He panicky looked around, though there was no one else there. He tried to move his fingers, to reach for his wand, but not a single muscle in his body would obey his will.

And he had to piss so bad!

There was nothing he could do but wait for someone to find him. Ten minutes passed. Then twenty. No one came. Draco's stomach felt bloated, his bladder hurt so bad! The cold of the stone floor made him have to go even worse. His bladder spasmed and a small squirt dampened his briefs. He wanted to grab himself so badly, but he couldn't move. Please! Someone come in! He felt a longer squirt escape, and then another one.

His bladder gave another spasm and this time he couldn't stop it anymore. He felt the hot pee flood his pants and pooling around him. His view became hazy as tears filled his eyes and he silently began to cry. He couldn't even make a sound.

* * *

Theo had felt bad for Draco all day, but only after Draco hadn't shown up for lunch, had he started to worry for real. He decided to go search for him. Draco wasn't in the dorm, nor any of their usual spots. Theo went to the library to check if maybe Draco was still there, but no such luck. Theo even went all the way to the Quidditch pitch and he almost got himself caught by Mr. Filch when he sneaked into the unused part of the dungeons Draco and he once had explored together. No Draco.

At a loss where else to look, Theo returned to the library and went over to the table all the way in the back where his friend liked to hide. A half-finished potions essay in Draco's handwriting lay on the table, but no Draco. He looked around, but he couldn't see Draco anywhere. Where could he have disappeared to?

The only other person there at a Saturday was Granger, working busily on some homework, no doubt. The two of them sat next to each other in Muggle studies – certainly not a seating arrangement either of them would have chosen, but he was the only Slytherin in the course and she had been late for the first lesson, so he kind of had ended up stuck with her. They hadn't exactly grown to like each other, but they were at least on speaking terms. So it was stupid not to ask her. Even if Theo was a tiny bit scared of her.

He went over.

“Hello, Granger, sorry-”, he said.

“What?”, she hissed, angry.

Scaaary.

“Umh, have you seen Draco-?”

“NO.”

Theo eyed her uncomfortably. “It's important. His stuff is still here, he should be-”

“That jerk left some time ago!”

“Did you see where he went?”

“No.”

Now Theo truly started to get worried. “You really didn't see?”

Granger looked up at him and Theo half expected her to blow up at him again. Somehow today everybody seemed to be in an ill temper. But when she saw his face she just sighed: “I don't know. Maybe he went to the bathroom or something.”

“Well, thanks anyways!”, Theo told her.

Theo left the library again and looked down the hallway in both directions. He doubted Draco really was just on the loo, or he would already have been back. Granger had said he had left some time ago, too. But there was no harm in checking at least. So he went over to the boy's room right across the hallway.

When he entered, he immediately saw Draco. He was sprawled awkwardly on the floor, laying in a huge, clear puddle, and he wasn't moving. Theo immediately rushed over to him and knelt down besides his friend. The way Draco's trousers were soaked gave Theo a good idea what kind of liquid the puddle was, but right then he didn't care he got Draco's piss all over his own pants and robe. “Draco!”, he cried, “are you OK?” Draco still didn't move, but tears were running down his cheeks and his eyes were alive and followed Theo. Theo realized what must be wrong with Draco and got out his wand. The second he lifted the curse Draco started sobbing uncontrollably.

Theo was so relieved that nothing worse had happened to Draco, he pulled him over and hugged him dearly. He softly petted Draco's hair and let him cry on his shoulder. Interrupted by sobs, Draco told him what had happened. When he finally had calmed down, Theo cast cleaning spells on them both. Then he gently helped Draco over to the sinks and washed his face.

“All better?”, Theo asked.

Draco nodded, even though he looked like he was about to start crying again any second.

“Wanna go to our room?”

Draco weakly nodded again. He allowed Theo to lead him to their dorm. Once there, Theo sat him down on his bed, then he returned to the library to get Draco's stuff.

That night, he heard Draco cry himself to sleep. Theo felt so terrible for him, but he didn't know what to do. He couldn't go over to console him, not with Crabbe and Goyle in the same room. The next day was Hallowe'en – and their first visit to Hogsmeade. Theo knew that Draco had really been looking forward to that. He resolved he wouldn't let Potter or any of those other assholes ruin that day for them. He would use the trip to cheer Draco up and make it special!

*012*2014-10-31 16:29

Sorry for the wait, but since it was almost Hallowe'en anyways, I thought this would be the most fitting date to post the next chapter.

I hope you enjoy!

Sunday, October 31st

The next day Theo woke up at five in the morning. He was too excited about the Hogsmeade trip to get back to sleep, but it was too early to get up either, so for a while he just listened to the other boys in their sleep. Draco was breathing calmly, he must have fallen asleep at some point after all. Theo hoped his friend would feel better in the morning. On his other side, Goyle snorted and lazily turned around in his bed. There was also the gentle sound of the lake swashing against the window across his bed, Theo was so used to it, he hardly heard it anymore. He sat up and stared out into the dark water, sometimes he thought he could almost see something big move behind the glass. The sight took some getting used to, in his first month at Hogwarts he had actually been a bit scared of what might hide out in the darkness of the lake at night.

Goyle stirred and sat up with a yawn.

“Morning”, Theo said and stifled a yawn of his own.

Goyle grunted – which was his way of wishing Theo a good morning as well – and got up. He scratched his ass, yawned again, and lazily walked over to the door to vanish in the direction of the washroom. Other kids were rising early today as well, Theo could hear faint voices and silent steps as the first few walked about on the corridor outside. Seemed like he wasn't the only one excited about their Hogsmeade excursion after all. Soon Crabbe got up as well.

“Morning”, Theo said again.

Crabbe didn't bother to answer and went over to Draco.

“No, leave him be!”, Theo stopped him. It was still early and after last night he thought Draco might need the sleep.

Crabbe grunted dissatisfied – Theo suspected it was some kind of special idiot dialect only Crabbe and Goyle spoke – but he left Draco in peace.

Theo decided to get up as well and quickly take a shower as long as most of the other boys were still in bed and he would have some privacy. He didn't mind being naked in front of the other kids, after all in the showers they all were. It was just as of lately he had this problem, he sometimes got hard when he wasn't careful where he looked with the other guys. Especially with Draco. It happened to other boys as well, but it was still embarrassing.

Crabbe was the only one in the showers when Theo entered the washroom. He joined him and made sure to look the other way. Crabbe and Goyle were among those who would tease him relentlessly about it if it happened. Besides, Crabbe wasn't exactly a sight he craved. Blaise Zabini, who just happened to walk in at that moment, on the other hand... Theo couldn't help but take a quick peek as Blaise shed his pajamas and stepped under the showers with them. He could feel his member swell and he quickly looked the other way, rinsed off and grabbed a towel to hide his beginning erection.

Crabbe had already toweled off and walked past him out of the washroom, leaving Theo alone in there with Blaise. Theo secretly eyed the cute boy again and for a second Blaise's brown eyes met with his. Theo blushed and immediately turned away. He almost ran from the washroom and didn't stop either before he was back in the safety of their bedroom. Crabbe and Goyle gave him funny looks as he burst in, but he ignored them and, more dignified, walked over to his bed. He put on his school uniform – he made sure he turned his back to them so they wouldn't see his erection and tease him for it – then he waited for the two to leave before he went over to Draco.

“You awake?”, he whispered.

“Mhmm”, Draco said and turned away from him.

“Come on, it's almost time for breakfast!”, Theo said.

“Go away!”, Draco muttered.

Instead, Theo went around Draco's bed so he was facing him again. “Get up, sleepyhead! You're gonna be late for Hogsmeade!”

Draco turned the other way once more. “I'm not going.”

“Hey”, Theo said and softly shook Draco's shoulder.

“Leave me alone!”

Theo sighed. “Come on, you can sleep in another day!”

“Go away! I'm not going!”

But Theo wouldn't have that. He grabbed Draco's blanket and with one swift motion yanked it away. “Get up you lazy sod! You can pity yourself another day! We're already late for breakf-”, Theo stumbled over his own words and just stared down at Draco, speechless, stupidly holding up the blanket. Draco's bed was completely wet and his pajamas were drenched, too. he looked back at Theo in horror and futilely tried to cover the wetness of his crotch with his hands. Then Draco started to cry.

Theo was completely stumped, he didn't know what to do, he just felt completely horrible about himself. The worst part was that he could feel his member go completely stiff, which in his mind made him the most abhorrent person on the planet. That was the reason why Draco hadn't wanted to get up? Oh, dragon dung! And Theo had stepped right into it. He had wanted this to be a good day for Draco and he had already ruined it!

He dropped the stupid blanket, rushed over and knelt down besides Draco. “It's OK! It's OK!”, Theo told him and just hugged him. Draco pressed his face to his chest and sobbed, and Theo whispered again: “It's OK, it's gonna be OK.”

He held Draco until blonde boy stopped sniveling and calmed down a little, and Theo finally got a moment to think. “Right”, he said, “don't worry, I'll fix this! I'll just get my wand and I'll cast a cleaning charm on you and nobody will be the wiser!”

“I can do that myself!”, Draco snapped at him in a sudden flash of anger.

Theo watched sheepishly as Draco grabbed his own wand, waved it over his bed and muttered the incantation. The spell ran down the length of his body and vanished all wetness, leaving bed and pajamas suddenly dry again. Draco snatched his blanket from the floor and took care of the damp spot on it with another charm. Then he faced Theo and asked darkly: “You done gloating?”

“I... I wasn't... I didn't-”, Theo said.

Draco cut him off: “Go ahead! Tell everyone!” Suddenly, he looked like he was about to burst into tears again.

“Of cause I won't!”, Theo told him. He hesitated a moment, then he added: “You coming? We have to hurry or we won't get any breakfast before we have to leave for Hogsmeade.”

Draco sat down on his bedside and looked at the floor. He silently asked: “You still want me to come? Honestly?”

“If you're not going, I'm staying as well!”, Theo told him, determined.

Draco eyed him uncertainly, but apparently Theo passed his examination. “Hogsmeade it is then?”, Draco decided and for the first time that day, a tiny smile crept on his face. “I'll be just a minute!”, he told Theo, got up and ran to the washroom. Theo looked after him and grinned.

Then he eyed Draco's bed again. He touched the mattress where Draco had lain, sadly it felt all dry now, of cause, though some of Draco's warmth still lingered. He bowed down and buried his face in the bedding, inhaling deeply, but he couldn't smell any traces of pee anymore either.

A sound from the door startled Theo and he jumped up just as Goyle walked in. Theo stared at him like a deer caught in the headlight of a nearing car, but Goyle didn't take any special notice of him. He just went over to the nightstand next to his bed, fished his Hogsmeade permission slip from the drawer, and walked back out. Only when Goyle had left, Theo realized that he had been holding his breath the whole time. He slowly exhaled. Merlin's pants! What had he been doing? What the fuck was wrong with him?

Draco returned just wearing a towel around his waist and got his clothes. He made sure not to put them on the bed. Theo sneaked a peak while Draco dressed, and he got a nice sideways view of the cute, little bush of blond hair Draco sprouted down there. He hastily looked away as Draco turned to face him. It was stupid really, Draco already knew Theo had a crush on him. And he was cool with it! He kinda had given Theo mixed signals as to how much he returned those feelings, but Draco hadn't stopped hanging out with him and he still used the shower and changed his clothes in front of him like before – that meant he was cool with it, right? If Draco flounced around him naked all the time, he couldn't expect Theo not to look! Theo was just really embarrassed and confused right now by how much the sight of Draco lying in that wet bed had turned him on.

“You coming for breakfast?”, Draco interrupted his thoughts.

“Y-yeah!”, Theo said and got up without looking his friend into the eyes. He quickly closed his robe so it would hide his erection, then he followed Draco. When they entered the Great Hall, most other students were already seated and eating. Draco and Theo had hardly grabbed a quick snack and some pumpkin juice for breakfast, when Professor McGonagall already got up from the teacher's table and announced that the students who were going to visit Hogsmeade were to assemble in the yard. The two to hurriedly finished their meal and followed their teacher.

A big crowd of students had already assembled outside, and McGonagall inspected each one's permission slip. Draco and Theo showed her theirs. The third years who would be visiting the village for the first time were supposed to walk there as a group, so they had to wait for everyone to get sorted and have their permission checked.

They had been among the last, so Theo wondered what was taking McGonagall so long. He looked over to the Professor and saw that Potter was talking to her, and he seemed more and more agitated. Theo elbowed Draco and pointed the two out to his friend. They stepped closer to eavesdrop.

Potter had no signed permission! Theo immediately started to grin as he heard. At this point of their conversation Potter was literally begging his teacher to let him go, but McGonagall brushed him off. He looked so disappointed when he turned back to the castle!

“Not going to the village, Potter? Too afraid of the Dementors?”, Theo asked with fake concern as the boy passed them.

Draco snickered. Potter just stared back at them emptily, but Theo had reached his goal. He had made Draco laugh and that was all that counted for him today.

* * *

Draco felt a little better after he had seen Potter's face, and a little bit of Theo's enthusiasm caught on to him. Theo was so excited, he hadn't stopped talking for even a second since they had stepped out of the castle gate. What shops there were in Hogsmeade, what places they had to go, where they should go first, what sweets he was going to buy... Draco sighed. He couldn't believe that Theo still wanted to hang out with a baby like him.

“What, you don't like peppermint toads?”, Theo asked, confusing the sigh for an answer to his question about the sweets they should buy.

“We can get a few, I guess. If we must”, Draco muttered, grimacing. Now that he thought about them, he actually hated the things. They kept on hopping around in your stomach after you had eaten them, and they always made him feel like he was gonna barf.

Theo agreed: “Cool, and we just have to get a whole bunch of every flavor beans!”

Draco grinned. Yeah, those he liked. Well, they were horrible actually, at least some of them. But they were the coolest! Especially if you were with friends and everybody took turns eating one as a dare.

So, not surprising, their first stop once they were in Hogsmeade was Honeydukes and they intended to buy so many sweets they would get sick from eating them all. Honeydukes sold all possible kinds of sweets and candy, and most of the impossible kinds as well. Chocolate wands and cauldrons and frogs, skeletons made from sugar, skeleton made from chocolate, bonbons that exploded, toffees that would make you float, toffees that would make you breathe fire, lollipops that looked like mice, lollipops that tasted like blood and lollipops that would burn a hole into your tongue. A lot of other students and even Professor McGonagall had been drawn to the shop as well. Draco hadn't taken the Professor for the sweets-type, he didn't think dragons liked sweets.

Professor McGonagall bought a box of chocolate cauldrons and a mice pop for the way. Draco had had a chocolate cauldron once, at a party his parents had given for the minister, they were filled with firewiskey and they tasted horrible. At least Draco thought so, his father and the minister had laughed at his comment.

He and Theo browsed the shop for some less dangerous chocolates, and argued what else they should get. Theo immediately snatched up a big pack of peppermint toads. “For both of us”, he said. Draco grimaced and chose some ice mice for himself and a sugar quill for each of them.

“Want some salt water taffies, too?”, Theo asked.

“Sure”, Draco agreed. They were really nice and sweet, and quite popular. Draco liked them, too, though he wasn't too fond of how thirsty the taffies always made him – hence the name. Theo filled two big bags and handed Draco one of them.

When they left Honeydukes, they both had their pockets filled with sweets and each had a big cone of ice cream in their hands – and a whole lot less of their pocket money. It was completely sensible, though. After all, it would be weeks before they could buy more. The previous years Draco's mom had send him an owl with sweets almost every day, but it had become embarrassing, he was too old to receive sweets from mommy like that! So he had told her to stop. He somewhat regretted that decision, though. Not even because of the sweets, it just had been nice to see his mom thought of him every day and that she missed him.

While they ate their ice cream and walked down the street to look at the shop windows, Draco's bladder gave him a gentle nudge, reminding him that it was starting to get full. In their hurry to assemble for Hogsmeade, he didn't have the time to visit the loo after breakfast. Draco kind of regretted getting such a big ice cream now. It wasn't really urgent, though, and they just had arrived and still so much to explore. He decided to ignore his need for now and soon forgot about it completely again.

He and Theo restocked on potion ingredients for class at the local apothecary. Then they longingly inspected the merchandise at the cauldron shop next door. They both wished they could get one of those self-stirring cauldrons that were one sale, but of cause Professor Snape didn't allow them in his lessons.

A big crowd of students had gathered outside Spintwitches, and the two went over to see what that commotion was about. They had to push through a bunch of other boys to even get a glimpse at the window.

“They have a Firebolt!”, Theo muttered, awed.

Draco just nodded and stared at the magnificent broom. He had first seen a Firebolt in Diagon Alley in London. The handle was finest ebony wood, this one had twigs of hazel, but they also came in birch for better acceleration but less precision in turning, and the metal parts were highest-quality goblin-made ironworks. Each Firebolt was custom build and had it's own registration number.

“It's the best broom in the world!”, an excited Hufflepuff girl told a classmate.

“The Irish team uses them!”, her friend said importantly.

“I so wished my dad would get me one for Christmas!”, Draco whispered.

“You're getting one?”, Theo spluttered.

Draco sighed. “No way. Not after he got Nimbus 2001s for the entire team last year.”

“Thanks for that, by the way”, Theo grinned and patted Draco on the shoulder, “ah, come on, you've still got one of the best brooms in the world!”

They looked at the Firebolt some more, until they were rudely shoved aside by a bunch of older Ravenclaw kids.

“Jerks!”, Draco called them and one flipped him the bird.

Draco was about to get out his wand, but Theo grabbed his arm. “Come on, let's go!”, he said as he dragged Draco away.

Next they went to Zonko's Joke Shop. A few weeks ago some student had dropped a dungbomb in the potions classroom during the lesson before theirs – reports to the fate of the culprit varied, either Professor Snape kept his dead body in his study or he had only been given detention till the end of his life – but the dungbomb had proven effective not only to cut short the previous class, but theirs had been canceled entirely as well. So they definitely were going to stock up on those. They had to get some firecrackers as well. Draco found a soap that dyed your hands black, while Theo spotted one that released a few dozen frogs when it got wet. They couldn't agree which would make the better addition to the girl's bathroom in their dorm, so they compromised and bought both.

Their pockets now filled to the brim with both sweets and joke articles, Theo and Draco went to look at the displays of the remaining shops and explore the village some more. Theo shared some of his salt water taffies with Draco. At Dervish and Banges they looked at the different magical contraptions and Draco got an auto-answer quill as a birthday present for Goyle while Theo bought himself a new set of exploding snap cards.

At the Shrieking Shack they ran into Granger and the Weasel gawking at the decaying haunted house.

“Looking to buy some real estate, Weasley? Bet you'd love to have a bedroom of your own”, Draco grinned.

Theo agreed: “Heard your family is sleeping all in the same room, isn't that so?”

Weasley was about to jump at them, but sadly that meddling Granger stopped him. Disappointed, Draco let go of his wand he had secretly grabbed in his pocket.

“Just ignore those idiots!”, Granger said, “you jerks leave Ron alone!”

“Yeah, run with your tail between your legs!”, Draco laughed, “are you so afraid you hide behind a Mudblood girl?”

Weasley's face went red and this time he would really have leaped at Draco, hadn't Granger seized both his arms. Draco had gotten out his wand, pointing it at them. He laughed.

“Let's go!”, Granger hissed at the Weasel, urgently.

Draco and Theo laughed as she dragged the fuming boy away. “Have you seen his face?”, Draco snorted. Theo grinned: “Yeah, that was fun.”

They decided to turn back towards the village center and Theo shared another round of salt water taffies with Draco while he let them down a side road towards High Street. The huge ice cream from before was making its way through Draco and he started to really feet like he needed the loo soon. Sucking on the taffy, instead he said: “Man, I'm thirsty.”

“Me, too. Wanna get a hot chocolate?”, Theo concurred and pointed at a café a few houses ahead.

Draco eyed the tea shop warily. “Madam Puddifoot's”, it read in pink letters atop the equally pink window and door. The place looked a bit girlish. “I dunno”, he said, “let's go to the Three Broomsticks instead?”

“But that's at the other end of Hogsmeade and I'm thirsty!”, Theo complained.

Theo tugged at Draco's sleeve. Draco sighed and allowed himself to be dragged inside. The café was rather small, but there were a surprising number of customers sitting around the tiny round tables with pink napkins that crammed up the room. The place seemed to be frequented almost exclusively by older teenagers, who were holding hands or kissing over their cups of tea or coffee. Theo didn't seem to notice and quickly weaved through the crowd to claim one of the few empty tables. Draco followed him more slowly and uncomfortably sat down opposite to him.

He had hardly settled down when they were already approached by a stout witch who took their order.

“You getting a hot chocolate as well?”, Theo asked him.

“Y-yeah”, Draco agreed. He looked around awkwardly.

The fat witch brought them two cups of hot chocolate topped with whipped cream. Draco reached into his pocket to pay for his, but Theo quickly put down the money for both of them. “You already treated me to that ice cream”, he said.

“Thanks”, Draco muttered. He took another furtive look around. “The place is a bit strange, isn't it? They all look so intimate, think they're all couples?”

Theo took a sip from his chocolate, leaving a line of whipped cream on his upper lip. He followed Draco's eyes and shrugged. “I don't know”, he said slowly, “you think so?”

Draco took a gulp himself, mostly to hide behind his cup, for he had spotted Lucian Bole, a beater from their Quidditch team, who apparently was out with his girlfriend. And Draco would really have preferred the older teen didn't see him here. He observed: “Like, they all seem to be on a date!”

“Oh, I thought we were just here for a hot chocolate?”, Theo asked, leaning closer.

“Of cause we are!”

“Right”, Theo hurriedly agreed.

They looked at each other awkwardly and Draco took another big swig from his chocolate. He almost jumped when Theo's knee touched his leg under the table. “Sorry, you OK?”, Theo said and grabbed Draco's hand.

“Yeah, I just-”, Draco said and immediately retreated the hand when he realized what they were doing. He quickly finished his chocolate. “I just have to pee kinda bad, that's all. Can you hurry up? Let's get back to the castle.” It wasn't even a lie.

“Toilet's are over there”, Theo whispered, pointing with his eyes at the sign in the back of the café.

Draco took a look around, horrified at the number of of people who would see him enter the loo. “I can't!”

“Why not? Just go, I want to stay here a little longer!”, Theo retorted, a little annoyed.

Draco eyed him uncomfortably, he pleaded: “But... they'd all see me go in!”

“Just go!”, Theo hissed, angry, “I won't let your ridiculous pee shyness cut short our date!”

“Date?”, Draco asked far too loud.

“I... Outing! Trip! I didn't... we... I mean... like...”, Theo stuttered.

Draco got up. “I'm going back to Hogwarts”, he said and got out.

Theo ran after him. Draco pretended he wasn't there, turned towards the way back to Hogwarts and started walking without a word. Theo fell in besides him. “I'm sorry!”, he said, “I just wanted you to have a real great day! I wanted to cheer you up! I don't even know why I said that! It's your fault, you started to talk about dates and stuff! Look, I shouldn't have dragged you in there! I didn't mean to make you feel awkward! I'm an idiot and I messed up, OK? Please don't be mad!”

Draco just kept on walking, his eyes on the ground.

“Please?”, Theo begged.

Draco sighed. “I'm not mad”, he said, he really wasn't angry. Not much. He had just been embarrassed and confused and... and... he had to pee! Theo breathed in relief. Draco eyed him and asked: “You really wanted this to be a date?”

“No! Maybe. I don't know. Yes?”, Theo admitted.

For a while, they walked in silence until Theo couldn't stand the quiet any longer. He asked: “So... that thing with the bed happens to you often?”

Draco didn't answer immediately. His first impulse was to lie, but then he decided to be honest with Theo. “Kinda. I can't help it, OK? It just happens.”

“I get that. When I was little, I wet the bed, too”, Theo said, “after my mom died.”

“Yeah, but I'm thirteen!”

“You can't help it!”, Theo reassured him, “so, how'd you manage to keep this secret all this time?”

Draco shrugged. “Mom taught me a cleaning charm.”

Theo thought about that. “Must be awkward to have to keep on sleeping in the same bed. I mean, it's spelled clean, but still...”, he trailed off.

“Yeah.”

All this talk about wet beds made Draco have to go even worse.

“How do you manage at home? I mean, you're not allowed magic”, Theo asked.

Draco's balder jerked and he had to cross his legs for a moment. He groaned: “Please, can we talk about something else but pee?”

“Sorry!”

After the worst pain had passed and he thought it save to open his legs again, Draco resumed walking. Thankfully, Theo kept his mouth shut, but Draco was at his limit, that hot chocolate had done him in. His bladder was throbbing constantly, at another bad spasm he bent over and grabbed himself.

* * *

Theo eyed his friend worriedly. By now he was kinda good at judging how desperate Draco was, and if he was grabbing himself like that when others could see him, he was bursting. Theo didn't think that Draco could make it back to Hogwarts. A part of him wanted to just let things take their course and watch Draco piss his pants, but Theo still hadn't come to terms with that part and today was Draco's day and Theo didn't want his friend to have another embarrassing experience on his day.

“There is no one around”, he said softly, “if it's that urgent, why don't you pee on a tree? I'll stand watch.”

Draco didn't look like he liked the suggestion at all, but he nodded anyways and hobbled over to a nearby group of trees. Theo climbed a small pile of dirt near the pathway so he had a better view in both directions to make sure no one surprised them – and so he had a better view of Draco himself. He quickly looked over when he heard Draco open his zipper. Draco hardly got out his member in time before he started to release a forceful stream of pee, he moaned in relief. A cloud of steam rose up where the piss hit the snowy ground.

Theo watched in amazement. Draco pissed like a whole lake! It made Theo hard just to watch, and it also made him realize how bad he had to pee himself. Finally, Draco's stream started to die down. With a foolish grin on his face, Theo quickly turned his back again before Draco could notice.

A moment later he could hear Draco zip up his trousers again and walk over. “Let's go!”

“Wait!”, Theo said, “can you keep watch for me? I gotta take a piss, too!”

He didn't wait for Draco's answer and ran over to the same trees. The puddle Draco had left was so huge! Theo whipped out his tool and started peeing, which was a little difficult since he was kind of hard. He grinned and thievishly eyed Draco, but sadly his friend had turned his back and was watching the pathway for real.

After Theo had added his own piss to the now positively enormous lake of pee, he returned to Draco, who still stubbornly hadn't tried to take a peek.

Draco turned to face him and he surprised Theo when he said: “I'm sorry I ruined your date. Want to go back to Hogsmeade?”

“No, it's OK”, Theo said, “it's getting late anyways and I'm getting hungry. I don't want to be late for the Hallowe'en feast!”

When they arrived back at the castle, the Great Hall was already fully decorated. The star-filled ceiling had been covered in storm clouds, a thousand candle-filled pumpkins cast an eery light in the dark hall and right above their heads, life bats swooped across the room.

Most first- and second-years were already at their tables, and so was Potter. Draco and Theo waved at him and asked if he had enjoyed his day. Potter just stared at them gloomily. They helped themselves to some pumpkin juice and pumpkin-shaped cookies. As more and more of the older students returned from Hogsmeade, the Great Hall filled with chatter and laughter. Crabbe and Goyle joined them at the Slytherin table, and they all talked about the fun they had had at Hogsmeade.

Crabbe had already eaten all of the candy he had bought and tried to sneak some of theirs. They even let him have some – they had eaten so much themselves already, they were kind of sick of sweets – but they “accidentally” got some ton-tongue toffees and hiccough sweets mixed up in there. The combined effect was hilarious, Crabbe started to hiccup uncontrollably, then he almost swallowed his tongue as it, turned purple, grew so long it touched the table. They all laughed and even Crabbe joined in when he managed to get some air to breath again.

Just then the Hallowe'en feast suddenly appeared on the golden plates before them, like the food always did. Roasted pumpkins and carrot cake and pastries filled with meat and fruit made their mouths water. There was more than they could possibly eat, not that they didn't try. Theo helped himself to some chicken pie and mashed potatoes first and some pudding later. They all got seconds, even though they were already full with Hogsmeade sweets. They had a great time, even Draco finally relaxed and joked and laughed with them like usual and just enjoyed himself. Until that stupid Weasley came by and called Draco a pee-baby to ruin his good mood.

Theo reacted quick and threw a well-aimed piece of frog spawn soap right into the asshole's pumpkin juice. It was spectacular. Frogs suddenly exploded into every direction from the glass in his hand, the Weasel squealed like a little girl, jumped backwards and sat down on the floor right on his arse. The laughter of the entire Slytherin table accompanied him on his hurried retreat and soon Draco had forgotten about him and was smiling again, too.

* * *

The feast ended with a performance by the Hogwarts ghosts who popped out of the walls to glide atop the tables in formation. Nearly Headless Nick got quite some applause for his reenactment of his own bungled beheading.

The evening had been so much fun, Harry had almost forgotten about Hogsmeade. Not even the mean prank Malfoy and his gang had played on Ron could dampen their moods. When they passed them on their way out of the Great Hall, Malfoy made frog sounds at Ron and the others laughed at him, but they ignored the idiots.

Harry, Ron and Hermione went the usual path up to Gryffindor tower, but when they reached the corridor with the portrait of the Fat lady, they found it blocked by a crowd of students.

“What's going on”, Ron asked, “you can't all have forgotten the password again like Neville?”

Neville gave him an angry look. There was nervous chatter in the front, and one girl turned around and whispered to them: “The Fat Lady has been attacked!”

Just then Dumbledore arrived and pushed through them to the front. Harry, Ron and Hermione tried to get closer as well to see what had happened. Hermione gasped. The Fat Lady was gone, her portrait slashed to pieces, scraps of canvas lying on the floor.

Dumbledore looked grim as he turned around and called over the crowd: “Mr. Filch, we have to find her! Search every painting in the castle for the Fat Lady!”

They finally located her hiding in a landscape on the fourth floor. She was in shambles, but Professor Dumbledore got out of her enough of what had happened. Her assailant had been no other than Sirius Black, when he had tried to break into the Gryffindor dormitories. His name send a chill through the crowd of students who had followed the headmaster.

Dumbledore immediately led them back to the Great Hall, where the Gryffindors soon were joined by the pupils of the other three houses, who all looked confused. Kids were talking in hushed voices and news of Sirius Black spread like wildfire. Harry got the eery feeling everybody was staring at him.

“For your own safety”, Dumbledore addressed the crowd, “you will all have to spend the night here. The teachers will conduct a thorough search of the castle.”

He paused. Then, like he had almost forgotten, he waved his wand at the long tables and they moved to the back of the hall and stood themselves up against the wall. A second wave of his wand, and hundreds of makeshift beds appeared on the floor. “Oh, yes. You will need those.”

Harry listened with growing despair. Boys and girls were separated and teachers led them to the bathrooms in groups so they could get ready for bed. But Harry couldn't get to bed like this! He eyed Professor McGonagall, who stood guarding the doors to the Entrance Hall. She had her wand in hand and looked tense. Harry awkwardly approached her.

“Professor?”, he asked, “I need to get to the dormitories.”

“You can return there tomorrow, Mr. Potter”, she said.

Harry grimaced. “I have to get something. It's important!”

“You will have to wait till tomorrow.”

“But I have to have it! I... I can't sleep without it.”

McGonagall faced him, almost annoyed. “Mr. Potter, aren't you a little old to still need a cuddly toy for bedtime?”

Harry grew red. “That's not it!”, he protested, “it's really important! Please!”

“Mr. Potter, do you even realize the situation? Whatever it is, it can wait till tomorrow. Now go back into the hall!”

McGonagall looked at him sternly. Harry sullenly bit his lip and turned around. He couldn't tell her that he needed a drynite from his chest of drawers at the dorms. He would never make it through the night dry, not with all the pumpkin juice he had had at dinner and the tea with Professor Lupin before that! He really regretted all that pumpkin juice now. What could he do?

He watched Professor Flitwick return from the lavatories with a group of first-years and decided he just had to try his luck. When the Professor led the next group of Ravenclaw boys out, Harry quickly fell in behind them. Once out on the hallway, he immediately broke away and hid behind a suit of armor until the Professor and his charges had disappeared into the bathroom.

Harry looked around to make sure he was alone on the corridor, then he got up and ran for it. He did not dare to go through the Entrance Hall as he knew professor McGonagall was still watching it, so he had to circle around and take a back route to the Grand Staircase. The empty corridors of the castle seemed even more eery today than they usually did at night. His eyes played tricks on him and once he thought he saw a huge black dog crouching in the shadows from the corner of his eyes, but when he looked at it again, it was gone. Harry started to doubt this was a good idea, but now he was already halfway there and besides, what else was he to do?

He reached the Grand Staircase, quickly ran up the stairs to the seventh and into the hallway that led to the Gryffindor dormitories. But in front of the ruined portrait, he stopped, dumbfounded. The portrait was in scraps and the Fat Lady gone, how was he supposed to get in? He tried the password, it did nothing. He pulled at the heavy frame, but of cause it wouldn't bulge either. Stumped, he stared at it.

Just then he heard steps behind him. “Mr. Potter!”, the angry voice made his blood freeze. Harry slowly turned around to face its owner.

“P-Professor Snape!”, he stammered.

“What are you doing, sneaking around here, Potter? Have you gone completely mad?”

“There's something I really need from the dorm-”, Harry tried to explain, helplessly pointing at the ruined painting.

“Black is right here, in this castle! He is after you, do you get that? Everyone from the Minister of Magic downwards is trying to keep you save! But famous Harry Potter does not care! Famous Harry Potter has to sneak out and search for Black himself! Famous Harry Potter gives no thought to the danger he puts himself and others into!”, Snape railed at him.

“I wasn't-”, Harry said, but Snape slapped him in the face.

“Are you trying to get murdered?”, Snape screamed at him, “right now I'm quite tempted to help Black do it! Did you think a mere boy could hunt down Sirius Black? Do you have any idea what that insane murderer would do to you?”

Snape dropped a heavy hand on Harry's shoulder and forced him to turn away from the portrait. “but Professor! I need to-”, Harry whined.

“Right now you need to get back to the Great Hall! We'll speak of your punishment later”, Snape fumed, force-walking Harry down the stairs.

He left Harry with an equally furious McGonagall. Neither of them even spoke of detention or house points, which strangely enough made Harry feel like he was in even more trouble than usual. Harry tried to explain himself to Professor McGonagall again, but she wouldn't listen. She just made sure he didn't leave her sight anymore.

“You did what?”, Ron asked as the Professor led their group to the bathroom. “You tried to go after Black all alone? Why didn't you tell me?”

“I didn't go after him!”, Harry said, sullen.

“So what were you doing then?”

“Nothing. It was stupid.”

Ron looked him like he wasn't believing him either, worst of all, now he was angry Harry hadn't told him. Ron went over to the sink and took a sponge bath in silence. Harry did the same. He also made sure he went to the toilet before they returned to the Great Hall, though he knew it wouldn't help. As he lay down in between Ron and Hermione – Ron still refused to speak to him – Harry resolved he would just have to stay up the whole night. There was no other way unless he wanted to wake up in a wet bed in front of his friends and his entire school.

* * *

Theo had similar concerns. As he lay down in the makeshift bed besides Draco, he turned to him and whispered: “What are you gonna do?”

“About what?”, Draco asked, annoyed. He didn't want to sleep on the floor. That madman was after Potter, so why did they all have to stay out here?

“About your bed... thing”, Theo caught himself at the last moment.

“Shut up! You wanna tell everyone?”, Draco hissed in a low voice and looked around fearful. The hall was way too crowded and he just knew Crabbe or Goyle would overhear them.

“Sorry”, Theo muttered.

“I'll just cast the usual spell in the morning”, Draco told him.

“Right”, Theo agreed. He didn't sound convinced. Draco wasn't half as confident as he made out to be either, but he didn't intend to tell Theo that. He would just have to stay up the night.

He had a more pressing problem, though. He hadn't had a chance to relief himself ever since he took that piss on a tree on the way back from Hogsmeade. They had been led to the bathroom in a big group, so naturally he hadn't been able to use the loo then. Dragon shit! Those damn sweets had made him thirsty, did he have four or five pumpkin juice at dinner? And he regretted every single one of them!

Laying on his back only increased the pressure Draco felt in his lower stomach. He shifted around, trying but failing to find a more comfortable position. He turned on his side again, facing Theo. Theo couldn't sleep either, Draco could see the starry ceiling reflect in his eyes.

“Everything alright?”, Theo whispered.

“Yes!”, Draco hissed, squirming.

“What's wrong?”, Theo asked.

Draco rolled his eyes. “I have to take a piss, OK?”

“But we just came from the bathroom.”

“There was like a dozen kids in there with us!”

“Oh”, Theo said in realization.

Draco sat up a little to look around. Teachers were patrolling between the rows of makeshift beds and telling kids off for talking. Hardly anyone seemed to be able to sleep. He groaned silently.

“Just ask a teacher if you can be excused to use the loo”, Theo suggested, unhelpful.

Like Draco could ask something that embarrassing with the whole school as witness. He lay back down and tried to think of things that would take his mind off his bladder and how full it felt. Quidditch. Their Hogsmeade visit. All the pumpkin juice he had drunken. Dragon dung! Draco grabbed himself under his blanket. For a short while it helped a little. He turned to his side again and pulled his legs to his stomach, clenching his thighs together. Maybe half an hour passed, then he just couldn't lie still any longer.

Draco sat up. The hall had quieted down somewhat, most other students finally seemed to have drifted off to an uneasy sleep. Theo's eyes were closed, too, and he snored silently. There was only one figure patrolling between the rows.

Draco threw off his blanket and got up. His bladder jerked at the sudden movement and he doubled over, stifling a pained moan. He straightened up again and quickly ran towards the exit to the hallway. The heavy doors were closed. He pulled at first, but it wouldn't budge. Draco stifled another moan and tried the second, it, too, was locked.

“Mr. Malfoy, where do you think you are going?”, Professor Snape's voice asked from behind him.

“Professor, I-”, Draco stammered and turned around to face the man.

“Go back to sleep”, Snape told him.

“I just need the loo, Sir”, Draco whispered, blushing.

Professor Snape sighed. He said: “You'll have to wait for Professor Flitwick to return, so he can escort you to the bathroom.”

Draco's bladder spasmed again. he grimaced and crossed his legs. “I can't! Please, Sir, I have to go really bad!”

“Mr. Malfoy, behave your age! Professor Flitwick will only be a few minutes.”

Professor Snape now looked positively annoyed. Draco bit his lip and started to march in place. He felt a small dribble escape and he had to grab himself.

“Please! It's just across the hallway! I'm gonna pee my pants!”, he whined.

Professor Snape stared at his pitiful display, disgusted. He pointed his wand at the door and it clicked open. He hissed: “The toilet, and then you come straight back! If you dawdle or wander off, I'm going to skin you alive myself!”

Draco nodded thankfully and, both hands pressed between his legs, ran past his teacher. He was lucky the bathroom was really right across the hallway. He burst through the door and ran straight for the first cubicle. The mere sight of the bowl made his eyes water. His bladder involuntarily contracted and he felt the hot piss gush into his briefs while he was still clawing at the button of his trousers. “Oh, dragon dung! Dragon dung! Dragon dung!”, he muttered. He finally got the cursed pants unbuttoned and yanked them all down in one go, all the time peeing already. He hurriedly grabbed his member and aimed it at the bowl to finish in the toilet.

Draco peed for what felt like an eternity. It felt so good to finally void his aching bladder, and a dull emptiness replaced the throbbing pain. Draco sighed in relief. When he was finally done, he pulled up his pants to examine the damage. His briefs were soaked and there was a wet spot the size of his palm in the front of his trousers. He had left his wand laying by his bed in the Great Hall, so he could do nothing but hope the wetness would be hidden by the darkness. Draco didn't bother to mop up the puddle of pee he had left on the floor all around the toilet, he just flushed, turned around, washed his hands and quickly ran back to the Great Hall.

An angry-looking Professor Snape expected him at the door. The Professor took one look down to the wet spot on Draco's pants, then his eyes wandered back up to Draco's face. Draco felt himself blush hot red. Thankfully, Professor Snape didn't comment and just locked the door behind him.

Draco fled back to his bed and slid under the blanket to hide. He took a quick look around to make sure his neighbors were asleep, then he reached for his wand and whispered a silent cleaning charm on his pants.

“Didn't make it?”, Theo muttered sleepily. Draco almost jumped. He went completely red again. “It's OK! I won't tell”, Theo murmured and turned around, a moment later he was snoring again.

Draco cursed silently, lay down on his back and looked up at the star-filled ceiling. Morning was still a long time away, it would be a long night. Draco sighed and stifled a yawn.
