Middle-Earth — Éowyn's Ambitions

Author: Aeglaf

*000*2015-04-05 22:32

Hello! Before you start reading the story below I would like to point out that I am not a native English speaker nor a person who speaks English completely fluently. Because of that there are most certainly some language mistakes, possibly numerous, especially in the spheres of grammar and punctuation (possibly also miswordings and strange ways to describe common things). I would be grateful if you would forgive me these and even more grateful if you would point out the most glaring errors so I could learn from your feedback.

Chapter 1

Éowyn, the Lady of Rohan, was standing beside the door of the chamber where her uncle — Théoden, the King of Rohan — disputed with his advisers the matters of the highest importance — the oncoming war with the East and the military expedition that was meant to be send in response to Gondor's calling for aid. She still felt the humiliation that came at her an hour ago when her uncle refused her to sit among them and take part in the deliberations.

“Women are not supposed to decide about political matters” — he said warmly, but firmly, gesturing her to leave the chamber. And she left, closing the door behind her, and ordered the guards to move out of the corridor, herself staying at the door and listening to the proceedings. She would often be found like this, sitting for many hours beside the closed door of the King's chambers and attempting to follow the course of speeches voiced in the room by advisers, commanders and the most powerful of nobles.

The guards at the chamber's door were always the same pair of old and honored soldiers, which knew her for many years, since she was a child, and trusted her enough to understand she had no evil intentions, so they followed her orders and kept the secret. They were indeed fully right in their judgment over her motives. Éowyn, while extraordinarily ambitious, was a patriotic and noble young lady, loyal to her country and her King, even when disagreeing with his judgment and sometimes even disobeying his direct orders.

This time the matters discussed were of the highest possible, uttermost importance, and yet she was refused from taking part in the discussions! Anger tensed her beautiful face at this thought. Since she reached adulthood — which was a few years ago — she was intensively trying to take part in the political life of Rohan, but her uncle firmly restrained her ambitions, always repeating the same irritating statements about woman's rights and duties. And today he said these words in front of so many important characters of the court, and among others in front of Aragorn, a highly respected warrior who recently came to the city and was invited by the King to take part in the war preparations.

Despite the short time they knew each other, Éowyn developed some deeply hidden feelings towards Aragorn, and she was even more ashamed by the fact that he saw her humiliation. The princess respected Théoden and loved him as her foster-father, but this injustice and the humiliation she experienced earlier today were so great, that her usual warm attitude towards him was now far closer to fully-grown anger. Her irritation was great enough that she didn't even notice the slight tingling in her bladder, probably a consequence of the few cups of wine she drank at her breakfast a few hours ago.

Éowyn sat silently by the door for a next few hours, listening carefully to advices and arguments spoken inside. In the meantime her maid, Eila, was intensively looking for her lady.

Eila was a young maid, assigned to Éowyn a few months earlier. She was a daughter of one of the less important noble houses in Rohan and her becoming a maid of the princess herself was a great privilege to her family. She and Éowyn quickly grew fond of each other, their mutual trust reaching to the point where they shared their most personal matters and felt no shame when talking about even the intimate ones. She knew about her lady's political ambitions, as well as her new found feelings for one of the warriors who came with the Mithrandir's party to Edoras, not longer than two weeks ago. Aragorn was his name, and he was given great respect by every man in the capital, including the King himself.

The maid knew the princess went to the King's chambers and was sure that she was — as usual — rejected from taking part in the deliberations. She was probably sitting by the door and eavesdropping. Eila by the noon have already finished cleaning the lady's chamber, among other things taking out half full of pee, two-liter chamber pot her lady used in the early morning. The girl was used to the lady's unusual bathroom habits — Éowyn had an extraordinary bladder and she relieved herself much less often then most other women, or men for that matter.

She rarely peed more often than twice or even once a day. Eila from time to time come to wonder if the princess didn't owe this skill at least in part to her long sessions of eavesdropping the King's council, when she had to sit for many hours beside the closed door, unable to leave without taking the risk of missing some important parts of the discussion. It was early afternoon right now, and the lady probably does not feel even a slightest urge to relieve herself, despite an impressive amount of wine and water she drank during her breakfast.

Eila needed to find her lady to help her prepare herself to a great feast that was meant to take place at the evening. The feast was intended to be a special event preceding the war expedition to Gondor, and it was meant to be the last great joyful event before the oncoming war everyone was expecting. Her lady should be dressed appropriately and the maid had already prepared a set of dresses Éowyn should choose between to wear at the feast. But first the maid would need to find the princess, which probably would be harder task than one might have expected, because if Éowyn was indeed eavesdropping the deliberations at the door, that would mean she is at the moment in the part of the castle to which Eila, being a maid, is refused access to. Nonetheless, the girl made her way to the King's chambers, intending to wait for her lady at the door to the corridor leading to the restricted area of the castle.

After a few hours of leaning against the door of her uncle's chambers, Éowyn happened to be for a moment lost in her thoughts, analyzing some of the propositions spoken by one of the King's advisers, when suddenly the door opened, which caused her to fell to the floor. The meeting obviously had ended and she didn't notice the sound of chairs being pushed back, which was a usual point when she got up and run from the door. When she raised her head she saw surprised and angry face of her uncle, and behind him were shocked as well faces of his advisers. “For a long time I have been suspecting you were using not exactly acceptable ways to obtain information access to which you were denied” — the King said with a raised voice — “but that you were lowering yourself to eavesdropping at the door?! Never!”.

“I have the right to know what decisions are made when it comes to…” — Éowyn started, but her oncoming speech was immediately cut short by the King — “I will not hear to your justifications. You will never again have an occasion to overhear what I am talking in private, and the guards who were letting you doing so will be punished appropriately. You will return to your chambers, I am not willing to talk with you or see you right now.”.

Éowyn rose from her place and walked away in silence. Once again she was humiliated by her uncle in front of other people! How could he be so not understanding? She compliantly walked to her chambers, but the anger she kept inside her raised to the level of pure rage.

Being on her way, the princess met Eila, which accompanied her to her chambers. While dressing up in her chambers, Éowyn was so angry at her uncle, that she completely forgot to use her chamber pot, despite the noticeable need to relive herself.

Chapter 2

The feast was meant to be the farewell event for the warriors leaving for the war expedition. Or at least those warriors of aristocratic origins and high social position, because ordinary folk would obviously not be allowed to dine with the King himself. Nonetheless, about a hundred men were invited to the feast. Most of them were already sitting at the great table when the princess came, some closer to the king, some far away, depending on their position in the court. Éowyn's place was roughly in the middle of the table, far from her uncle's, far from the place of the King of Rohan. What an injustice! She cared more for her country than a big bunch of nobles sitting much closer to the King, some of them commonly known to be greedy and selfish, yet she was rejected from taking part in working over Rohan's future just because of her sex.

Sometimes she truly wept over the fact that she was born a woman — she knew that if she was a man, a King's nephew instead of a niece, she would have much higher position in the court and, more importantly, she would have enough power to influence decisions made about the fate of Rohan. To turn her attention away from these angry thoughts she drank some wine and chatted with people sitting beside her. Her wine was strongly diluted — servants knew she does not like to get drunk and poured into her cup “wine” that was in its essence clear water with only a small quantity of real wine to give it some flavor and color.

Before she even noticed, she drank four or five full cups of it and only an uncomfortable feeling from her bladder turned her attention to the fact. She grew angry again — men could drink all the night, and when they would receive nature's call, they would just go out through the near castle gate and piss in the bushes. On the other hand, women in similar situation were forced to go their chambers and use their chamber pots, because in view of the safety reasons they weren't allowed to leave the castle after sunset. Due to the fact that living part of the castle was far away from the great hall, most of the female part of the feast tried to drink as low as they could without breaking the social convention.

Princess was thankfully gifted with a quite enormous bladder, and she decided she would not be tamed by such a problem, especially that her mood needed some lightening and wine may be useful in achieving that. She drank a few cups more before her attention was driven to the talk at the far end of the table. The King and the most important men in the kingdom were discussing the matters of war again and apparently there were some quarrels about the way supplies will be delivered to the army during the expedition. The King decided they need to arrange another meeting and, after some thinking, announced that due to the importance of the matter it will take place just after the feast.

Éowyn decided that she has to take part in this meeting. She will go to her uncle and convince him to let her. While getting up princess again noticed that her bladder was causing her problems. For a few minutes before the end of the feast she was unconsciously tapping her toe from time to time and she just realized that. Éowyn discretely rubbed her abdomen a little and was surprised to feel a bulge slightly above her hips. The wine she drank must have been flowing through her quite rapidly, because she felt pretty full. Though the urge, while constantly present, was not enough to make her go to her chambers, especially when she had far more important matters on her mind.

She approached the King when he was getting out of the great hall and asked him for a moment in private, but he refused. “I know very well what you want to say” — he said. “I surmise you heard what I and my men were discussing during the feast and that you know we are going for a meeting. You won't be allowed there, and I will personally make sure guards won't let you anywhere near my chambers this time.”. Éowyn tried to discuss, but the King roughly cut the talk and joined other people leaving the hall. Éowyn was furious at him. She was used to think of her uncle as of very decent and just men, but his opinion of the women's place in the world made her so angry she was cursing at the King in her thoughts. He was a fool if he thought he can stop her from participating in political matters of her country.

Éowyn decided she needs to find a way to get to the King's chambers. The corridor leading to them will be guarded by soldiers which she didn't knew and which would not break the King's order by allowing her entrance. Still, she may try to bribe them or in other way persuade them to let her enter the restricted area. Soldiers in King's service were usually honest, incorruptible men — but she was the King's niece and taking payment from her for disobeying orders would not exactly be a high treason and they should resist that much less than, for example, taking a bribe from any men. Or at least she hoped it would be so. And so the princess took her way to the King's chambers.

Before the corridor there should have been a pair of guards, but there was only a single men. The solder seemed to be quite drunk. He have been obviously taking part in the feast and he should not be on duty, but most soldiers in the castle were more or less drunk as well, drinking wine inside or outside the great hall and celebrating together with everyone else. Those whore were sober mostly guarded the entrances of the castle. The commander of the kingsguard obviously didn't expect any danger in the middle of the castle beside the King's own niece, and even a slightly drunk guard would be able to stop a young girl. He probably didn't expect the second soldier leaving his post, for whatever reason.

Éowyn recognized this soldier and have heard about his openly expressed passion for alcoholic beverages, and when she thought about this, she got an idea how to get to the corridor leading to the King's chambers. It seemed she would not need to use gold to pass beside the guard. She turned around and went back to the great hall. While being in there, she took a few bottles of wine — mostly true wine this time, strongest that was available during the feast — and got back to the guard. For her plan to succeed she would need to drink wine together with the guard, otherwise he might easily understand that her offering him a beverage was a mere trick to get him drunk enough to let her enter the King's part of the castle, so she also took a few bottles of false wine for herself.

“Hello, my good men”. The guard turned his head and looked at her with slightly drunk eyes. “My lady…” — he said — “I am very sorry for that, but because of His Majesty's order… you are not allowed entrance”.

“Oh, but I have no intention of entering. I just wanted to talk for a moment with such a brave — and handsome — men. It's an honor to talk with a men who devoted his life to the service of the country”. Éowyn didn't exactly lie — she truly did feel respect for any warrior, respect heightened by the fact that she knew she would never be allowed to go to a field of battle herself — although drunkenness of the men somehow diminished the respect in this exact case. Still, she made her face smile with the most beautiful of her smiles.

Chapter 3

When Eila, who had just left the great hall and was looking for her lady to accompany her to their chambers, finally spotted the princess, Éowyn was sitting on a bench together with seemingly drunk soldier at her side, drinking what had to be at least third bottle of wine they drank, judging from two empty bottles standing on the floor. The maid quickly understood that Éowyn was trying to make the guard drunk enough to permit her entrance to the corridor to the King's chambers. The guard, who was sitting on a bench by the door to the corridor, was close to falling asleep and barely conscious by now. His hands were holding the princess' waist, which Éowyn seemed to accept. Eila was shocked to see what methods Éowyn was ready to use when it came to realizing her ambitions. Maid also noticed that princess' legs were unusually close together and her toe was tapping the floor.

When the guard finally fall asleep, Eila approached the princess. “My lady…” — the maid started, but quickly abandoned the idea of giving the young princess a reprimand for her inappropriate behavior, because Éowyn's face have gone bright red when the princess saw Eila coming out of the shadows — the lady obviously understood that the girl was watching her for some time and felt ashamed already. “Eila, I have good reasons to do what I'm doing, and you should know that” — the princess said, suddenly crossing her legs at the end of the sentence.

Eila knew she wasn't going to convince the lady to abandon her plans and didn't even intend to try to do so, but she felt slightly concerned when she saw the princess crossing her legs, because she immediately understood the reasons for it — the bottles of wine and every other drink the lady drank through the day. Usually when Éowyn was starting to give signs of a need to relieve herself her bladder was already containing a massive amount of fluid.

“My lady, don't you think it would be wise to go to your chamber and use the chamber pot before you… go… to the council?” Eila dared to ask, in a last attempt to convince the princess to go to her chambers instead of taking the risk of eavesdropping the King's council again, seeing the obvious discomfort of the princess. Slightly surprisingly for the maid, Éowyn seemed to consider that proposition more seriously that Eila expected, but after a short moment of thinking she responded with strength in her voice: “My chamber is far from here, and I won't risk anyone noticing the fact that King's chambers are unguarded. If someone would notice and the guard would be changed — or the second guard would return to his post — I would stay unaware what decisions were made to save Rohan from destruction”. The impression these proud words made was slightly weakened by princess' legs shivering and her toe tapping the floor. She then walked into the corridor leading to the King's chambers.

The meeting took much longer time than Éowyn was expecting. The matters discussed were of highest importance and she was listening carefully, but it was harder and harder to concentrate on them, while her attention had been drawn to another case. Her bladder was getting literally full — she could not sit still any more and had to press her hand to her crotch from time to time to keep the waters inside. Meeting stretched from one hour to two, and Éowyn was almost at her wits end.

She sat with her legs double crossed, squirming while fighting a wave coming from her bladder. “It won't be long” — she convinced herself. “The meeting is almost over and it will finish soon”. Éowyn was worried about her condition. She obviously overestimated the capacity of her bladder and the strength of her sphincter and she regretted it right know. If she would fail to hold her pee inside and wet herself in here she couldn't even imagine the shame. If she would wet herself, she would leave a true lake of piss right behind the door. Her uncle and the rest of men in the room — nobles and commanders and Aragorn, who was also taking part in the meeting — would know who made it, even if she would escape to her chambers unnoticed. She would never stand such a shame. Still, she refused to leave her post in search for relief — she had to knew what will be decided in the matter of war.

Éowyn gently touched her bladder and was shocked to feel how hard it was and how much it bulged from her body. She had to tightly clench her legs in reaction to her own touch and pain it caused her.

The meeting stretched from two hours to three, and from three to almost four. Quite amazingly, and very fortunately for the princess, the deliberations ended before Éowyn's control over her bladder did. She heard the sound of chairs being pushed back — all the man raised from their seats and Éowyn had to raise from her crouched position, standing on shaking legs and putting a great amount of effort to regain her composure. She walked quickly through the corridor on small steps, with her hand placed in her crotch, pressing it with full force, trying to double cross her legs while staying in movement.

After passing several turns of the corridor she hurriedly made her way to her chambers, getting into one of the sidewalks. Soon after she had to stop and bend forward, because of the pain her bladder was giving her. She literally felt piss pressing onto her sphincter, urging to get out of her, begging to be released. Sweat was covering her face and dropped from the tips of her golden hair from the effort she was putting into keeping her sphincter clamped shut.

Suddenly, the princess heard steps behind her. She quickly straightened herself and took her hands out of her crotch, while turning around just to see that the person which was approaching her was Aragorn. He must have been also going to his chambers, located in the living part of the castle, just as Éowyn's chambers were. She hastily tried to hide her predicament from him, keeping her hands by her side and forcing a weak smile on her face. Her bladder had never been so full and she never felt urge stronger than now — and just now the man she had fallen in love with must have incidentally met her!

Chapter 4

Eila walked through a corridor and spotted her lady. She was standing by the window and talking with Aragorn. Eila stopped and waited till they stop the conversation, not wanting to interfere. She noticed Éowyn's legs was shivering and posture of the king's niece was very stiff, and her behavior extremely fidgety, her legs knotted together and her toe tapping the floor constantly and in very fast rhythm. The maid was able to guess the reason for it — the lady did not use her chamber pot for full day and her bladder must have been overflowing with beverage she drank through whole day. She was obviously trying to hide her predicament from her romantic interest as much as she could, behaving with as much dignity as her tired will could force over her body. Knowing how long it have been since last relief the princess had, Eila was truly amazed at her lady's self-control.

Aragorn, on the other hand, was truly surprised at Éowyn's behavior — she seemed impatient and distracted, which wasn't her usual manner. She usually maintained a rather cold, prideful and gracious behavior, and he never before saw her so hasted or so fidgety. Or, for that matter, with face fully covered in sweat. He talked with the princess for a long moment and, suddenly realizing the nature of her pain, wished her good night and got back on the way to his chamber.

Eila noticed that the conversation finally ended. She came out of the corner of the corridor and approached the Lady of Rohan. Not longer than a second after the warrior got out of sight, princess' legs started shivering at alarming pace, and she immediately jammed her hands in her crotch and bended forward with a grimace of pain on her face.

Shocked maid noticed that the lady's bladder was bulging through Éowyn's dress more than three inches from the rest of her body. Eila knew that her lady's bladder had quite astounding capacity — she had often seen her not showing even the slightest bit of need when Eila herself was forced to go out and relieve herself — but keeping her pee inside from the dawn to to late evening was unbelievable. Especially with all the wine the lady drank during the feast and after!

“My lady, are you willing me to guide you to your chambers?” — she asked instead of questioning the princess about the decisions made by the King's council. Éowyn desperately shook her head. “My chamber is too far away” — she groaned — “I need to get out through the gate, and quick”.

“But my lady, it's almost midnight, the guards won't let as out…” — Eila said hesitantly, but the princess was obviously not paying attention to her any more, hastily hobbling — almost running — through the corridor. After a few minutes of passage, during which the maid was truly concerned for Éowyn's state, they reached the guarded gate.

The guards were obviously shocked seeing Éowyn in the state she was in right now. They had seen King's niece from time to time and they heard of her as a prideful and ambitious, noble young lady. Seeing this prideful woman behaving in such dishonorable manner, pee dancing on the spot like a young girl or one from the folk, was the last thing they were expecting. Sweet was visible on her face and cleavage and she was tightly clenching her fists while standing with pretzled intensively shaking legs.

Eila knew that her lady was putting all her will to stop herself from holding her crotch during the conversation with the officer, and was scared at the thought that this final effort to rescue the last ditch of honor Éowyn had may lead princess to wetting herself in front of ordinary soldiers. Eila was simply unable to comprehend how her lady may be able to talk and try to persuade with the guard with her bladder stretched to it's maximum, full of warm piss begging to be released. From what Eila knew, it was more than 15 hours from the last relief to Éowyn's bladder and sphincter! Never did she think a human bladder is capable of holding such load, especially a women's bladder.

The lady tried to convince the guard that she has a very important reason to leave the castle, pacing back and forth while talking — and the guard seemed to understand what reason was that — but he was obviously not willing to let the King's niece go out into the night. If something bad would happen to her, his would be the responsibility and his head would not stay together with his shoulders.

Princess, her bladder throbbing with need, desperately tried to convince the guard to let her out, but he firmly refused. Tears were forming in her eyes. Eila get closer to her and whispered into her ear — “My lady, this men won't let us out of the castle. We need to get to your chambers” — and Éowyn understood it was true. She could not imagine how she would be able to walk through almost entire castle, while being in a state like this. She had an ocean in her, ocean filling her bladder and making it bulge so much that it was visible even under her loose dress. She was almost sure that if she would uncross her legs and try to walk, her pee would erupt out of her. Still, by sheer willpower, she was able to slowly follow her maid, which guided her through the labyrinth of corridors leading to their chambers.

Chapter 5

After walking a little more than a hundred small steps, Éowyn was no longer able to suppress her need — she stopped moving and was keeping both of the her hands between her legs, pressing them to her crotch as hard as she could, her legs were shivering madly and sweet was pouring of her face. Due to her hands holding her crotch the dress was straining on her belly and Eila could see her lady's bladder in it's full glory, bulging a few inches from the rest of the lady's body. Éowyn's bladder was spasming harder than ever before and the princess felt it. For a moment Eila was terrified that her lady will finally succumb to the nature's calling and release contents of her bladder on the floor.

“My lady! Oh, please, don't give up!” — she called. Éowyn bent forward and closed her eyes, panting. Her lips let out a loud groan. She had to fight not to wet herself right there, and was shaking with the effort she put into that fight. Slowly, she managed to straighten up and began walking towards Eila, her bladder calmed down a little, while Éowyn was carefully taking each small step. “I don't think… I can hold it longer…” — she quietly muttered with a broken voice. It was already obvious to Eila that her lady was at her very limits. Maid took Éowyn's hand and gently tried to lead her through the corridor.

They walked through endless corridors of the castle, Éowyn stopping on regular basis and having to fight a heroic battle not to piss herself. Eila was full of compassion for her lady and the whole way was comforting her and convincing her she can hold it a little longer.

The princess and the maid finally reached Éowyn's chambers, passing beside a pair of guards, which were truly shocked at the view of the Lady of Rohan clenching her fists in her crotch, in an obvious way trying not to pee herself. Éowyn was almost crying from the effort she put in clenching her sphincter tightly closed and the knowledge of oncoming relief was making holding the content of her bladder even harder. Just as the doors of the chamber closed behind them Eila ran for a two-liter chamber pot which was standing beneath the bed, and brought it to the princess. The lady desperately pulled her dress up and squatted over the chamber pot, almost falling to the ground.

Piss immediately started gushing from Éowyn with strength Eila had never seen before. It was like her lady was trying to empty her whole bladder at the very moment she started wetting. Princess moaned loudly from the indescribable relief that came at her when she could finally let her body release so long held fluids. With her sphincter finally relaxed, there was nothing left to prevent astounding volume of hot pee from leaving her overstretched bladder. One minute worth of wetting quickly turned into two, every second filled with the incredible hissing sound of Éowyn's piss flowing out of her and splashing on the ground mixed with the woman's sighs of relief. Just after the two minute mark piss started to overflow the chamber pot.

Eila couldn't believe what she was seeing. She was aware of great capacity of her lady's bladder, but what was happening right now was far beyond anything she has seen before. The second minute went without any signs of Éowyn stopping her monstrous piss — the chamber pot was full and there was an extensive puddle of piss around it — and only at the very beginning of the third minute the act seemed to slowly getting to it's end and the flow was starting to diminish. It soon turned into dribbling and finally ended.

Tired Éowyn had almost overturned the chamber pot when she finally fell to the floor, in the lake of her own pee on the floor. Her panting slowed to almost normal breathing, and a week smile appeared on her face. “I believe I need a bath, my dear” — she said with an exhausted voice.

*004*2015-04-13 19:55

Thank you for your advice, as well as for your positive opinion of the story (and this part goes to all users who responded in the topic ).

I indeed quite rarely read long texts in English (aside for technical documentation and similar things — but these aren't exactly useful when it comes to learning grammar or just learning a language in it's “natural” form); recently I've started reading The Fellowship of the Ring in it's original English version (before that I've read only a translation) and I hope it will help my English skills develop.

Just after posting this story I've started writing another one, about Arwen this time, and I will take your advice to heart when I'll finally get to editing. I believe it will be finished around the beginning of the next week (or in the middle of it, if the length of the story extends beyond my expectations), so we will have an opportunity to see if my writing skills have improved. I'm using an English thesaurus and a dictionary of English idioms this time, so I can promise there will be (at least) some more varied vocabulary.

