Desperation, Wetting, and Love: Episode 3

Author: Lilcutekat11

*000*2014-07-26 09:19

What's up my fellow Omorashi fans?! It's Kat here to continue my fiction story. From feedback, this one will be more about desperation and wetting rather than making out XD. Alright, here goes. Hope you like Episode 3!

My name is Hannah. I am a year 9 high schooler. I am a really pretty, but shy person. I have bladder problems, so I can't hold onto my pee for a long time. Two days ago I wet myself during history class. Even though the situation was at it's worst, the result was awesome. Jack is one if my two best friends. We have been friends since fifth grade back in primary, and since then, I have had a crush in him. Jack admitted his strong love for me when I wet myself. He thought it was pretty hot. We really love each other and now he is my boyfriend. It has been two weeks since we became a young couple. He is so kind and loyal. I love him very much.

I am walking home from school with Jack, Ellie, and Ellie's new boyfriend Samson. He is pretty tall and muscular, your dream-muscle-boy type in romance movies. Oh well, it was Ellie's heart. She deserved a good man; she was so kind and funny. Jack and I linked arms. We were talking about how our math teacher Ms Griffin was wearing a mini- skirt and you could see her punk knickers when she bent down! I thought it was hilarious. So did Ellie. "Well we split up from here I guess...!" I exclaimed. Our streets were close together. Well except for Samson, but he was going to Ellie's place. Ellie and Samson said bye and walked off into the distance. I turned to Jack. I was about to say goodbye before he stopped me. "Hey, did you want to go out for a snack together?" He asked. I smiled, excited. "That's a great idea! I will go and get changed. Meet me here in five." I replied. We nodded. He gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and we ran to our houses.

I got dressed in a light blue summer dress with pretty white sandals. I had my hair down put a small pony tail at the back of my head to keep the hair out of my eyes. I had to say, I looked really nice. I walked to the meeting place and Jack was already there. He was wearing a white printed t shirt with burgundy trackie pants. He looked handsome. I ran up to him and hugged him. "I have already planned where to go." He said. So we started walking to wherever he wanted to take me. I forgot to go to the toilet at home, but it was no big deal, I needed to go only a tiny bit.

"You can open your eyes now!" He said. I opened them. We were at a nearby park I had never been to before. It was so beautiful. So many trees and flowers. There wasn't many people at the reserve, so we could kiss and not be disturbed. There was a cafe across the road with delicious-looking food. He said we would stop there to eat. Seemed like a great idea! As we walked closer to the cafe, you could hear some nice music coming from the inside of the cafe. It was calm music.

We held hands and walked into the cafe. It was a lovely urban one. We walked up to the counter and ordered our meals. They looked very appetising. Jack got out his wallet to pay. "Jack...! I can pay for mine! It's a-" before I could finish, Jack cut me off. "It's alright Hannah. I'm taking you out. I can pay for you.mi don't mind." He said kindly with a smile across his face. I smiled back. "Gentleman." I said and I allowed him to pay. I had just realised my urge to pee had become slightly stronger. I could hold it for longer. I had to.

Moments later we walked out of the cafe with our delicious-smelling food. We walked across the road and into the peaceful park. It was a warm sunny day with perfect weather, just right to eat a lovely meal out with a lovely guy you love! We found a spot were we were surrounded by trees, but we were sitting in the sun. We sat down on the luscious grass and started to eat. I took a bite of my chicken roll. It was delicious! We sat and ate for a little while until Jack decided to break the calming silence.

"So what do you think of Ellie's new boyfriend?" Asked Jack. I hope he didn't think that I liked him. "Mmmmm.... Not really my type. He's just too...." I paused. "Too unlike you." I said with a warm smile. He turned directly to me. He gave me a comforting look. "No other could be like you Jack. You are kind, caring, loving and such a gentleman." I said. There was a moment of silence. He leaned in and before you know it, he was kissing me. It was the perfect atmosphere. Quiet. Peaceful. Romantic. After he drew his lips away from mine, I needed to pee a lot more now. Too much excitement...! I put slight pressure on my crotch with my thighs. I could hold on.

I had taken the last bite of my roll. It was really good. Jack had finished his a while ago. Guys eat quickly. Or do I eat slowly? I'm not sure. I really needed to go now. I was crossing my legs over as I sat on the grass. We were having a good conversation, Jack and I, but I couldn't get my mind off my desperation. After a little while, I felt that I couldn't hold it for much longer. Should I tell him? But that would wreck the date. But I had to go badly. I didn't want to..... The thought of it made me need to go even more. I tiny drop escaped and I put more pressure on my crotch.

"Is something wrong Hannah?" Asked Jack. Should I tell him? No, I shouldn't, he would want me to go, and that would mean I had to leave him, and I would feel guilty for doing so. "No Jack! I'm perfectly fine!" I said with a fake smile. Jack nodded. He lay down on the soft green grass. I decided to do the same. I let a small spurt of pee out accidentally. I could feel a wet patch in my panties now. It was warm. I kinda liked it. So I didn't worry about it. We talked a little more. It was so romantic!

I was busting now. The wet patch had grown over-time and I had put pressure on my crotch with my hands, but I had placed my hands in a way that made it not look like I was holding on for dear life. A kid walked past and stropped at the drinking fountain for a drink. The noise. The look. It made me so desperate now. I was about to burst. I put more pressure on my crotch. The wet patch and become more wet and had dribbled across the crotch of my panties. It was warm. Out of the blue Jack grabbed me and put me on his chest. It made me squirt a little. "Why so quiet?" He said, with a crooked smile. He kissed me passionately. Did it feel good. He stopped after a minute then moved down to my neck, catching me off-guard. I leaked quite a bit. Now most of my crotch was wet with warm, yellow liquid. We tumbled over and he was on top of me now, using his hands and knees to hold him up. He bit my ear.

Then I could feel it. My walls were crumbling. Before I could wet myself on Jack I exclaimed, "Jack! Get off quick!" I said. He did so just as it came gushing out. My dress had a massive growing wet patch on it. He looked shocked. My warm urine spread across the grass. After a while my flow stopped. My panties were so heavy with warm wet, yellow pee. It was so embarrassing! How could I have wet myself on our special date? I started to apologise. "I'm so sorry Jack, I didn't mean to..." I said. But he just smiled. "Your so cute when you loose control. You know that?" He said. I blushed. He touched my wet patch. "So warm and wet...." He said. He drew his hand away and kissed me on the forehead. "Come on. Let's go to your place and clean up. Thank you for the wonderful date, you made my day." He said. "It was such a lovely day. And sorry about..." I said, blushing. He smiled crookedly. "Don't be babe." He said and we got off, me leaving my warm, wet, yellow puddle on the grass.

Hope you enjoyed my story! I am thinking of giving this series a proper name. I have been calling it 'Desperation, Wetting and Love', but maybe I could call it something different. I will leave it up to you guys. If you think I should keep the name, I will. If not, think of a name and I will pick the best one.

Thanks again guys!

Kat :3

