Waits & Measures

Author: Pain

*000*2014-08-24 16:45

Kirti has been working as a maid at our place for a couple of years now. She recently got married and shifted to another city but my memories with her remained firm in my mind.

She is 24 years old , not much older than I am . Both of us shared a friendly and cordial relationship but still talking of the sadist mind that I have, I wanted to see her desperate for the toilets once, just once.

She got hitched earlier this year.After spending a couple of months at her husband’s place she came back to the city and soon resumed work at our house. She belongs to one of those financially unstable families , although my mom pays her well enough it somehow seems to be insufficient for her.

We both shared our lives with each other as friends and she often told me about the things she came across in her day to day life. It was post her marriage that she had developed a huge fetish for branded and expensive saris and a majority part of her income was being consumed by these purchases.

Yes apart from what my mother pays her, I have lent her money a countless number of times, because we both have developed a mutual trust and we don’t keep an account of the give and take we do.

The other day she told me that she wanted to buy one of those overrated silk saris, goddamn seriously , this was going to be her third purchase of the month!

It cost around a whooping Rs. 4795 but she didn’t have any money left in her wallet, she had spent a majority of her income.

Okay I don’t say that it is wrong for a person to buy something if they want to but, overdoing something is bad. She couldn’t ask for money from her husband or her parents because they themselves are struggling financially to make ends meet.

The only person left in the picture to ask for some finance is obviously me, because with me she wouldn’t have to bother to return it.

She came silently came up to my room and with a pinch of smile asked, “Hey could you give me some money I really have to buy that sari I saw the other day at the mall” she said, “I’ll totally return it later”, we both knew she wouldn’t .

“Sari?! Again!?” I asked with a hint of uneasiness with this demand of hers , “I thought you brought a sari two weeks back ?”

“Yes I did, but this one I am talking about is from a seasonal sale and they may run out of stock anytime ,that’s is why I really need to buy it now” she replied.

Although I was highly reluctant to give her any money, I had to because she really pleaded me for it.

“Okay fine how much do you want? May I tell you ,I don’t have a lot of cash with me right now” I stated.

“Oh I already have around 2000 rupees ,I need a considerable sum of money more” she said.

“I just have 600 hundred bucks left with me, I can lend that to you”

“Ya that sounds good, thank you so much” she said as she supported herself with both hands on my desk.

I gave her the money and continued with my daily routine of sitting around wasting time during my semester breaks. Then later that day out of nowhere an idea struck me.

What if I ask her to hold it in return of more money? Okay this sounds easy but actually it’s really scary to ask a woman , whom you’ve not been involved sexually with , to hold her pee.

I have been desperate for some Omorashi action for months now and this seemed to be good opportunity but chances were that she might get angry , real angry at this.

The next day she arrived as usual at 7:00am, wearing a purple purple kurta and black salwar,her long black hair tide back. The moment I saw her my mind filled with images of her desperate to use the toilets, but that was way down the road right now. At around 10:00 when my parents and brother went to work and school respectively, I managed to muster up some strength and walk up to Kirti who was working in the kitchen preparing something what seemed like a curry.

“So have you managed to accumulate the remaining amount for you sari?” I asked .

“No , I don’t think I’ll be able to buy it, there is no way I can collect that much cash in time”

This was my chance, I had a good reserve left in my bank account and maybe I could have exchanged it with witnessing a female desperation scenario of a lifetime, but I certainly was not going to force her into it.

“Look..” I said with hesitance in my voice, “.. I have a little cash in my bank account, I could withdraw it for you but…” I stopped, rationalizing in my mind whether to port forth my demands or not.

“…but what?” Kirti asked, maybe she looked at it as a glimmer of hope and didn’t want it to extinguish.

“..but I want you to do a favor for me” I said, my head was starting to go blank with fear and nervousness as I was about to say it.

“Oh what do you want me to do? I’ll do anything…” she said excited and smiling now.

“I’ll tell you but first promise me , you won’t tell it to anyone” I said, making sure this conversation remained between both of us, “It may sound a little gross and you can turn down the offer if you’re not willing but please don’t tell about this to anyone” I repeated myself.

“Ya I won’t tell anyone, but what is it?” she asked.

“I want you to hold your pee” I said, my brain went blank with fear , doubt , guilt and shame as I said this to a woman who saw me as a friend and nothing else.

I didn’t knew how she would react to such a statement, I thought she was going to be really angry at me but all she seemed to be was confused , “What? Why would you want me to do that? I would never do that! ” she said ,making a disgusted face ,maybe implying that the deal was now off.

I was now loosing on my only chance to make Kirti hold it.

“Please could you do this for me, just once” I begged like a small child does for toys.

“What will you get from making me do that?” she asked again, this time with a smile on her face.

“I really want to know how long you can hold because I’ve never seen you use the toilets in our home” I said, I was now getting more shameless and more nervous at the same time in admitting my kinks.

This was true, during her twelve hour shift from 7:00 am to 7:00 pm I had never ever seen her going to the toilets ever.

“I assure you, you’ll be paid well for this” I told her.

“I didn’t realize you noticed me so much, I am unsure of it, what do I have to do?” she asked, “I never knew you thought of me that way”

“You’ll just have to drink a lot and hold yourself as long as you possibly can” I said, “..and the longer you hold it, the more I’ll pay you” . By this time I was blushing with embarrassment.

“Okay, but I’ not so sure of it” she answered.

“Ya it is totally your call, I don’t want to force you into this”

I was absolutely damn sure that I’ve lost the deal, she was never going to agree to this but I desperately wanted her to say yes to it.

“Okay I’ll do it, but on one condition, I’ll go whenever I want to” she stated, loud and clear.

I couldn’t believe my ears , it felt as if I was dreaming and this dream was going to break any moment from now. I had the wildest goose bumps of my life when she agreed to it.

“Are you sure you want to do this?” I asked, just to make sure she wasn’t doing it out of any pressure.

“Ya, just tell me what I’ve to do” she said.

“You’ve to drink a big bottle of water a hold it till you possibly can’t any longer” I said as I went on to pick up a 2.25 liter bottle of Mountain Dew from the table .

Her eyes widened horror as she saw the huge bottle I held in my hand, maybe analyzing the idea of that much liquid in her bladder.

Truth be told I really wanted to test her bladder capacity ,to make her hold to her absolute limit , push her to the point where it wouldn’t be possible to hold on any longer.

I filled the bottle with chilled water and placed it on the table back again.

“Oh my god, seriously do I have to drink all that?” she said, her tone had a clue of hesitance.

“Yes, if you’re not sure about this you can still back out” I quoted , to make sure she was doing this by her own free will.

“Yes I’ll do it, do I have to drink the entire bottle of water all at once ?”

“Exactly , you may visit the toilets before you begin” I implied.

After a trip to the toilet to empty herself out, Kirti came back , washed her hands and slowly started taking sips from the bottle.

Even thought she was having this holding scenario going on, she couldn’t put a hold on her work, so she went back to the kitchen and continued with her chores.

She was gulping down the liquid from the bottle at a constant pace and before I knew it the she had already drank a majority portion from it.

As she was drinking and doing her work , I could not help but think of Kirti in a scenario where she desperate to pee , at last my dream was going to come true.

Within half an hour she had emptied the bottle, she smiled, placed a hand on her now bloated stomach and said, “That was a lot of water” , rubbing her belly.

“Ya I know, now all you have to do is to hold it till you’re limit” I said excitedly, thinking of what was to come along.

“Okay I’ll try my best” she said and got back to work. I sat there in the drawing room, talking regular glances at her and making sure she didn’t go to the loos.

Around 20 minutes later she did admit her first need to pee, she was preparing lunch so she had plenty of work to keep her mind distracted from her need to use the restrooms.

Her kidneys were pumping a constant stream of urine into her bladder now and before no time she should be desperate . I was happy and satisfied that my plan was working just the way I wanted it to.

She had started drinking at 10:18 am, it was 11:00 am now and she was continuously working in the kitchen, cooking food , cleaning the stove etc.... She obviously has to juggle between various tasks during her work period.

“How are you feeling right now?” I asked, trying to know if she was even a little desperate.

“I have to go, but I can easily hold it” she replied.

As time crawled by I wanted to know how she was feeling , did her urge to go increase or not? Certainly I was curious and turned-on now. The fact that a beautiful young woman was holding it out was enough to get me going.

I wanted her to be trapped in that kitchen needing to pee forever. I didn't want her to get the relief of urinating.

I asked her if I could take her photos but she declined, but from what I saw, her bladder was clearly starting to show its first signs of bulge.

Downing the entire 2.25 liters of water at once was obviously going to pose serious problems for her later.

It was 11:33 am when she started with the laundry. All that plunging her hands in cold water was causing a bad effect on her, “I really feel like taking a leak” she said with a wide smile. She clearly was trying to make the situation as less awkward as possible.

“Okay I’ll set a bench mark “ I said, “You’ll get two hundred rupees for each hour you hold for, by that means you’ll earn a thousand bucks if you hold on for 5 hours straight” I stated.

“Oh my god, I don’t think I can hold back that long” she replied as she bit her finger in doubt.

Kirti could clearly feel her bladder getting collected with wee, but what she didn’t know was , the fun was just to begin.

It was exactly 12:00 pm now, almost two hours since she had drank the entire bottle of water. By this time she seemed a little panicky.

“It is more difficult than I thought” she reported, this was the first time when I realized she was having trouble holding her pee.

I couldn’t stop staring at her bladder bulge which seemed to be growing by the moment. Then, when she was placing clothes inside the dryer , without giving any caution, I poked her bladder with my finger just to see how she reacts.

“Aaaahh…!” she squealed, with a laugh “What do you think you are doing, don’t do that again” she complained, as she bent down and held bladder with her left hand.

“Okay I am sorry” I replied smiling, her bladder felt hard and firm ,my finger really hurt from poking her. I wanted to record each moment of her desperation in her mind, because I knew it , this moment was never going to come back.

Kirti was hopping foot-to-foot now, she was certainly feeling the pressure building up in her bladder.

I wanted to know more of her real life wettings if she had any, so I again gathered up some strength and asked, “Have you ever wet yourself?”. We both were in a more comfortable level of understanding now, I was not expecting her to get aggressive or to get offended by my question and my guess was right.

“No I haven’t wet ,myself ever but I’ve had a some pretty close calls” she replied.

She told me about her experiences when she had been desperate to use the toilets and it sounded like some epiphany to me.

By the time it she was done with the washing, it was 1:07 pm. Kirti went to the drawing room and sat on the sofa, “My bladder feels like it is going to burst inside me” she said, wiggling and squirming.

“Do you want to end the hold?” I asked out of concern, “..you’re most welcome, if you want to. You’ve already held it for almost three hours which means a good six-hundred rupees, that’s not bad”

“No I think I can hold it a while longer, I need to pry out as much money as I possibly can” she replied, her body, utterly tensed now.

“Well , I was thinking , if you could pee into a bucket or something, we may get an idea of how much you are holding?” I stated , as I went to be seated next to her.

“Ya, I’m fine with that, but that means you’ve to pay me more” she replied.

“That sounds cool to me, do you want to watch a movie while you hold it?”

“No I still have a ton of work to do & I am absolutely going out of my mind needing to pee right now” she replied.

After another half an hour of dusting tables and chairs, she finally couldn’t hold on any longer and went to the toilet.

She peed into a bucket as we both had agreed earlier , “My bladder feels so stretched” ,she said, as she came out of the toilet, “…but it feels a ton better than before”

“That is a lot!” I exclaimed, looking at the sheer quantity she had let out into the bucket. I then carefully poured the contents of the bucket into a one-liter bottle, it almost filled to the brim.

Then I poured the reaming contents to another bottle of the same capacity as the previous one, it filled up to three-fourth , before the bucket ran empty. I guess it was roughly around 1700ml! Wow! I amazed to know that she had such copious bladder capacity!

She was shy at first when she saw that her pee had almost filled up both the bottles, but later stated, “No wonder I was so desperate to wee”.

I asked her to get a photo clicked with these two bottles filled with her pee and she agreed.

I paid her a total of 1200 rupees, yes that was more than what we had agreed upon, but we both were happy in the end.

Edited August 24, 2014 by Pein ペイン (see edit history)

*002*2014-08-31 17:04

Thank you

