Trisha the Bedwetter *Revival*

Author: Another_Human

*000*2014-03-02 10:06

This is a post for the revival of Trisha the Bedwetter. I've been caught up in a lot of work and schooling stuff. But that's not the story you came for. If anyone actually likes my amateur story writing, Well here it is! I'm adding Part 8 to this, Or else this would all be fairly pointless. Here goes. And still; If anyone is willing to make art for me it is much appreciated!

Some info on Trisha:

Age: 16

Lives: U.S.A. Minnesota

Personality: Is a fun loving, Hyper, spunky teenage girl

History: Lives with her mother, Her father lives 1,300 miles away in Utah, He left when she was 7, she visits him in the summer's, She wet the bed up until the age of 13, (or maybe further?), and also had to wear Goodnites.

She has two siblings, One brother: Johnathan Age: 18, who lives with her dad, and a sister: Erin Age:12 (Also has a bed wetting problem.)

Appearance: She a petite, 5"6 in height, 125 in weight.

THE STORY(finally):

It was a cloudy night, with a little lightning, She was on her laptop in the living room, doing her homework (and chatting with her friends)

Her mom came in and said, "Trisha, Time to go to bed!"

"Alright Mom!" Trisha said

She saved her Word document, (and said a few g2gs) And went up to her room she went and grabbed an old t-shirt, and pajama pants, put them on, and brushed her teeth, went to pee, And had gone off to bed.

She dreamed, she was at school....

"Why would you do something like that!?" Her friend said

"Waddaya mean!?" Trisha said

"What, So you don't remember!?"

Then the voices got muffled

And the she punched her friend in the face.

"HUH!?!?!?! I HATE VIOLENCE, WHAT THE HELL!?!?!?!" Trisha said

She knelt down, and cried, the her friend got up, and somehow stabbed her.

She could almost feel the pain.

Then her mom came and tried to wake her up but, she jolted awake, With and expression of shock, she was cold, she didn't know if it was reality or not.

"Oh, honey... What happened?" Her mom said

Trisha sobbed "Wa- Was I-I, St-Stabbed...?"

"No (she chuckled) Silly..." Her mom said

"What is so funny about that?" Trisha said

"Nothing, Just found it sorta silly... that's all." Her mom said

"Now its time to get up, I made breakfast, today you've got a field trip" Her mom said

"OH YEAH!! Oh Crap!!!!! I forgot!! Oh no, oh no!" She shook her head.

"Its okay, You've got plenty of time." Her mom said.

She shifted, stopped, Started to cry again.

"Whats the matter?" Her mom said

"I- I- I-..." Trisha tried to say

"Hm?" Her mom said.

"I... had an... accident..." Trisha said

"Oh no... Oh, Trisha, It's okay! Look, it was just one accident..." Her mom said

Her mom left, Trisha peeled off her pajama pants, went to the bathroom, peeled off her wet panties, She had even got some on her shirt. "*sigh* I can't believe I wet the bed again, I thought I was over that!, That dream was horrible..."

She got in the shower, got dressed and wore pink short shorts and a white t-shirt with a picture that said "WIN" ate some breakfast, and her mom took her to school, Her best friend, Amy awaited her, They were a lot alike, They enjoyed most of the same things, Amy even had a bed wetting problem too, But only up to age 11. Then their grade went to a museum, and Trisha and Amy were goofy the entire time, but when they got back...

"Damn I really gotta go peeeee!!!" Trisha said to Amy

"Me too." Amy said

"Yeah, But I gotta go worse!" Trisha said

"But you went earlier today!" Amy said

"So... I have a weak bladder...." Trisha said slightly embarrassed

The bus stopped at the school, school had been over for a couple of hours, so the doors were locked.

"Shit!" Trisha said

"What?" Amy said

"The damned door is locked!!" Trisha said

"(she giggled) Well of course! What did you expect!" Amy said

"Well..." Trisha said

Then she went over to her mom's car and her mom said "How did it go?"

Trisha said "It was great and all, but can we hurry home now!!! I really gotta go!"

"Alright" her mom said

While driving down the long road, Trisha was starting to lose control

"Moooommmm!!! Drive faster!!! I really, really, really gotta go now!!!"

"I'm at the speed limit, Dear" Her mom said

"Grrr....." Trisha said

10 minutes later...

They were almost home they live a good 12 minutes away from the school.

Trisha said "Mom! Now I really, really, really ,really, really, really..."

Her mom said "Okay I get it!"

Trisha said "Then hurry!"

Her mom said "I told you I'm at the speed..."

" AAAHHH*she squealed* MOM IT LEAKED A BIT!!!" Trisha screamed

"You can hold it... Your a big girl..." Her mom said

She fidgeted in her seat

Then they parked, Trisha jumped out her seat and ran towards the door, but tripped on the steps, And fell over, and she lost all bladder control, Right then and there, She peed her pants.

"NOOOO!!!! *sob* *sob* *sob*" Trisha cried

Her mom helped her up.

"*sniff* Owww.... I'm sorry.... I... Kinda didn't make it...." Trisha said

"Its okay.... I'm not mad." Her mom said

They went inside, Erin came up and said, "Heya! Huh!?" She looked at Trisha's wet shorts "Ha ha hah hah hah ha, Did you piss yourself?"

Trisha wanted to cry

Her mom said "Young lady, First of all! Watch your tongue, Second of all! You've no room to talk about having accidents!"

Erin said "Sorry"

Trisha still wanted to cry.

She went and changed her panties cleaned up and showered, and put on her pink pajama pants on.

And came out and watched TV.

Erin came out with a similar clothes. it was stormy out again...

They heard a loud "BOOM!"

Trisha screamed "HOLY SH-!!!!"

The power went out.

It was utter silence. Erin jumped up, and Trisha swore she heard Erin's Goodnite crinkle.

Trisha got up too. And said "Mom! Where are you?"

Erin said "The power's out!"

Their mom said "I noticed... Well off to bed with the both of you."

Trisha said "Alright..."

Erin said "Awwwww.... I hope the powers back on tomorrow.... I'm not spending my Saturday...."

Her mom said " To bed!"

Trisha climbed into bed, and it was pitch black.

She got on her iPhone, and she sent a text to Amy then put her phone away, and went to sleep.

She dreamed she just woke up, and had to go pee, but Erin was in there, so she went to her closet and put on a Goodnite "Huh what the hell? Why would I...?"

And she peed in the goodnite.

".... Why...?"

She woke up cold and wet.

Her eyes were wide open, She knew what happened. And she started to cry.... She had wet the bed!

She woke up cold, She knew what had happened... She wet the bed!

"I wet the bed again!?!" Trisha said.

"Oh no... OH NO!!!"

"Not cool!" Trisha said.

She got out of bed to turn on the lights, but the power was still off

"That damned power company... OH NO!!! I just realized! I can't shower with no power!!!!" Trisha said

"Shut the hell up, Trisha! I'm trying to sleep" Erin said.

"Oh....er..... Sorry!" Trisha said.

That was pretty awkward for her...

"Aw shit.... How am I? supposed.... To.... *sob*"

"Wha's goin' on?" Her mom said groggily coming in the door

" *sigh* Go get changed, and cleaned up, I believe we need to talk..."

She wanted to cry again...

She changed out of her wet pant and panties.

" *sniff* *hic* "

She put of a white shirt, with jean short shorts.

Got wet wipes and cleaned herself up.

She came out of the bathroom looking depressed, then went into her room.

Her mom said "This is sort of a touchy subject... So I'll just cut to the chase... You've wet your bed twice in a row... I let you off the first time... And you know the rule of bed wetting in my house...."

Trisha said "HELL NO!"

"Young lady watch your tongue!" her mom said.

"Come, now, You remember, right? It wasn't so bad... You said they were kind comfy right?" Her mom said.

Trisha said "When I was fucking 10!"

Her mom said "I told you to watch your tongue! Any more sailor talk from you And your phone is MINE!"

Trisha said "Sorry. I'm just a bit stressed right now..."

Her mom said "Its quite alright. I get your position right now."

Trisha said "But mom... I'm to old to wear goodnites!"

Her mom said "If you have a bed wetting problem, and they fit, You shouldn't be to old for them."

Trisha said "Mom! Just gimme one more night!"

Her mom said "You will wear them tonight, There should still be some in your closet, No? And if you wet it tonight, you'll be wearing for the next week. Then you can go to bed without it."

Trisha said "Fine."

Her mom left the room.

Trisha thought "Well I guess its not all that bad... And they are pretty comfy."

The minute she stepped out of her room Erin popped up and said. "Wanna play a board game?!"

Trisha said "Ah! You scared me (Erin giggled) I guess... There is nothing else to do anyway."

Erin said "YAY!!!"

Trisha said " *sigh* you definitely are a character... You're not even dressed yet (she was still in her sleep attire)"

Erin said "So? What does it matter?"

They played LIFE for 2 hours straight...

Trisha said "Well that took all eternity..."

Erin said "But it was fun though!"

Trisha said "Yeah, yeah..."

She laid down on the couch and texted Amy "my pwr wnt out bored as fck!"

Amy sent back "same here"

Amy also sent "wanna come and study?"

Trisha sent "sure"

Amy sent "coming to pick u up."

Trisha yelled "Mom I'm going to Amy's!"

He mom shouted back "Alrighty!"

(Amy had her driver's licence Trisha did not yet have it.)

An hour pass and Trisha's eager waiting came to an end Trisha yelled "Okay mom, I'm going! See ya!"

Amy said "Hi! Come on lets go!"

They arrived at Amy's house

They went to Amy's room

Amy said "You look like you've been crying today. What happened?"

Trisha said "Nothing, I wasn't crying!"

Amy said " I know when you've been crying.... I've known you for to long."

Trisha thought " She's right, she does know when I've been crying." She wanted to cry right there.

Then Trisha just spilled all the beans... " *sniff* okay.... I've wet the bed for the past couple of days, and my mom wants me to wear goodnites again! You happy!?!"

Amy said "Oh, Trisha! Omigod I feel soooo bad for you! (She hugged Trisha)"

Trisha said "Thanks Amy, You're the best friend anyone could have..."

Amy said "Thanks, And if it makes you feel any better... Goodnites are not all that bad... Sometimes... I wear them just to wear them. (she smiled)"

Trisha said "Really? (she laughed) That's kinda goofy."

Amy said "Yeah I still got some from when I was 11. I like them 'cause they're comfy and sometimes I just get lazy and don't wanna get up to go to the bathroom, If you catch my drift"

Trisha said "You definitely are a weirdo..."

Amy laughed.

They studied for a while and finished all they needed to study.

Trisha said "What do you want to do now?"

Amy said "I've been playing my brother's PS3. CoD black ops is pretty cool!"

Trisha said "I don't know I'm not huge on blood and violence..."

Amy said "Hmm... I don't know then."

3 hours later, After just talking and trying to make each other laugh until they choke.Trisha decided she should go home.

"I should bring my ancient DS over next time." Trisha said

"Yeah!" Amy said.

Amy had taken Trisha home, it was about 6:00 PM

The power was back on.

She laid down on the couch and watched TV

She watched TV for about 3 hours

She thought "Man... I'm BORED!!! I need something to do!"

She got up got on her laptop, Chatted with friends and played games for about 2 hours and then...

Her mom yelled "Time for bed; Girls!"

Her mom came into Trisha's room and said. "You need to put on your goodnite."

Trisha said "I know mom."

She went into her closet searched for the bag of goodnites in there, it was a bit dusty, but she grabbed one, went into the bathroom put an old t-shirt on, took off her shorts and panties, slipped on her goodnite, and she said "Wow it actually fits nicely..." She put on her pajama pants, wnet went to bed, She thought. "Wow these are comfy" She played with her phone a little then went to sleep.

The next thing she knew, She woke up warm, not cold, today, Dry, not wet. Trisha thought "Wow its soooo much better to wake up dr-.... hmm..." She felt her goodnite. It was in fact, Wet. She thought "NO!!!! Shit.... I'll have to wear these all week..."

She walked down to the kitchen, Her mom was there. Her mom said. "Did you have an accident?

Trisha wanted to cry again she said " *sniff* mm-hmm...."

Her mom said "Oh, no no, Don't cry, I'm not mad. (she hugged her) Go change now.

She dragged her feet back to her room grabbed a pair of panties, and a pair of jean short shorts, got out a yellow t-shirt went to the bathroom, Changed out of her wet goodnite, and pajama's took a long shower, put her clothes on, Brushed her teeth, etc.

She felt a lot more cheered up now, that she showered and everything, she went to the dining room table, sat down, and Her mom said, "Oh, I forgot to tell you, we are going to the lake today!" Trisha said "I'll go, But it better not be that crappy one we went to at the end of last summer." Trisha's mom said "Oh no. This ones a lot nicer. And I hear it's not over crowded, But there is a down side. We'll have to drive for 2 hours. Or we could go to the "crappy" one you don't like."

Trisha said "I don't care if it took 5 hours, If its got nice water, And a nice beach, I'm going, I need to get a tan anyways. And if there is less people, then there will be less perverts!"

Her mom said "Then it's decided, Go get your swim suit, we are leaving in 15 minutes!"

Trisha said "Okay!"

Trisha bolted to her room, (she loves swimming, and going to beaches) She darted through her dresser, grabbed out her blue bikini, put it on under her clothes, grabbed her water bottle, went to the kitchen filled it with ice, and water , Her mom said "Time to go, Trisha!"

Trisha said " 'Kay mom!"

She bolted out to the car, And said to Erin "Erin get out of the front seat, I'm older and taller than you."

Erin said "SO?! I got here first!"

Trisha said "That doesn't mean anything."

Their mom said "Trisha, Erin isn't that much shorter than you, and she never gets the front seat, and She did get here first."

"FINE." Trisha said.

Trisha got on her phone, played with it for a while, and listened to music the whole time, and drank from her water.

After a 2 and a half hour car ride, they had made it. The beach was beautiful, and there was only two people there, an elderly couple.

She set out her towel, went into the bathroom the beach had, took off her clothes, and came out, and laid on her towel. She put on sunglasses and tried to sleep.

She woke up. after about a half hour later, And with a slight urge to go pee, But she just flipped over, and went back to sleep.

She was half dreaming, she was peeing, and woke up midstream. Trisha said "AAAHHH!!!" She stopped it and bolted to the bathroom.

She came back to her spot, there was a small pee stain on the towel, as well as her swimsuit.

"This give's me a good reason to start swimming, she folded the towel so no one would notice, that she peed on it.

She ran into the clear water, it was still a little cool, for it was early June, she had fun though, When they were all ready to go about 3 hours later, she got dried off and got dressed, went in the car, and they started on the road.

They stopped for ice cream at Erin's request.... All right, we all know, this is pretty dumb right here.... just for teh lolz. SInce I did a near horrible job at describing the characters. I'm going to do a brief detailed description, I know it's not what some of you expected, but after this point, there will be more detailed description.

Trisha:

A 5"6 height, 125 weight, petite, 16 Year old girl, Who is a fun-loving, spunky teenage girl, Her favorite color is pink

She is a brunette, with fairly long hair, She normally wears short shorts, she is white. She enjoy's pretty much everything, most of the time, Unless she is depressed of course. She has greenish, blueish eyes, She is of course, very cute. She normally doesn't swear unless she is REALLY mad, and normally, isn't to upset to wear diapers. *she might even start to like them a little*

Erin:

A 5"2 height, 92 in weight, petite, 12/13 Year old girl, Who is a hyper, cheerful, but bratty, preteen girl. Her favorite color is light blue

She is a blonde (not the dumb kind) with fairly short hair, Likes to wear short shorts, like Trisha. Is white (lets just say probably all the characters will be, Not trying to be racist, but that's what I see for the characters) She has ADHD (Explains the hyperness) Is cheerful, and finds everything interesting, and she loves to play games. She has green eyes, She is very cute. Normally swears when she is grumpy, or is being bratty, and normally gets in trouble for it. And she really doesn't pay any mind to wearing a diaper.

Amy:

A 5"5 in weight 127 petite to average, 16 year old girl. Who is fun-loving, cheerful, dare devilish, teenage girl. her favorite color is light pink

She is a light brunette, with a little longer hair, than Trisha. She normally wears yoga pants, or short shorts. She loves to take dares. She is cheerful in the darkest time, and doesn't normally get mad. Swears fairly infrequently, And likes to wear diapers.

Well that is most of the characters so far. I'll try to have better detail in the future. (not the laser's and flying cars future, the almost now future...)

Trisha had finished her ice cream, and wher water, and she had to pee again, and she said "Mom? How long is it until we get home?"

Her mom said "Ooohhh, 2 hours? I believe?"

Trisha thought "Damn. I hope I can wait that long... What the hell am I saying?! Of course I can!"

About an hour later....

"GRR!!! Mom?! I have to go REALLY, really really really really really really badly! Trisha said

Her mom said "For the last time, you'll have to wait-...?"

Erin sniffed and sobbed

Her mom said "Honey whats the matter?"

"I-I'm really s-sorry m-mom, I couldn't hold it!"

*she looked down, and Erin's shorts were all wet, and so was the seat*

Her mom said "It's all right, We'll get it cleaned up."

Alright! Sorry about the wait! I had almost finished part 4 and I X-ed out of the web page, so I lost it! And I lost interest for a while, But I've regained my ambition, So I did the honors, of putting Pts 1,2,3 together, So you can catch up, or, If you've not read Trisha the Bedwetter yet, The first 3 parts are here! Here is part 4! Enjoy!

Alrighty! Here it is Pt. 4!

Trisha sat in the back seat, She wasn't fond of it, But that didn't matter, she was ready to soak her shorts any moment!

She was fidgeting, crossing, and uncrossing, and recrossing her legs. She could here her sister, quietly crying in the front seat.

A voice in the back of her head kept saying "That's gonna be you! That's gonna be you!"

She yelled "NO!!!!" Accidentally, And her mom and sister look at her, She blushed.

Trisha said "Never mind..."

Her mom said "Okay..."

Trisha said "When will we be home?"

"Fifteen minutes" Her mom said

Trisha thought "Alright I can make it!"

As she thought that, She leaked a little.

Trisha was screaming inside her head.

She was holding it back with all she had, It leaked even more! She had a very noticeable wet spot on her shorts.

It stopped, for now...

A few minutes later-

They pulled in the drive way. Erin, and their mom went inside first, She was holding herself, and taking small steps in the house.

Shot got in the house, went down the hall that led to her room, and on the left, was her bathroom. She turned the knob... It was locked!!!!

She fell to her knees and gave up. She wet herself, right then and there. She started sobbing. Her mom heard her crying, and came to see what was the matter. And she saw Trisha had an accident. Her mom said

"Oh. I'm not mad, don't cry, Dear, The bathroom was in use. Thought, You shouldn't be having accidents at this age... I'll clean up. You just go to you're room and get ready for a shower."

She drug her feet to her room, took of her wet shorts, and peeled off her wet panties, She was really mad at herself at the moment, She told herself "OH! I'll make it!" But she didn't...

She put on her bathrobe, And waited to be able to hear her sister, (Which was guaranteed)

She heard her, and went and took a long shower, And was still very mad at herself.

Trisha went back to her room, And went to put on a pair of panties... She didn't have any clean ones.

"How unfortunate..." She thought. Show looked through her dresser, and the package of goodnites caught her eye.

"Hm... No. I can't do that..."

She looked around.

"I guess I've no choice. But I'm going to wash clothes..."

She pulled up her goodnite, and a pair of sweat pants.

She went through the hallway and while she was walking. She though... "Hey. These are actually pretty comfortable, and to walk in as well"

She went through her living room, and into the laundry room. Washed some of her panties.

Went back into the living room and watched some TV. She got up and grabbed a Coke. She thought "Hm... This is going to make me pee the bed... Oh well.." She continued to watch her show. She saw Erin come from her room. Erin said "Mom! Can I have a soda too?"

Their mom said "No, Erin it's to late to have soda now."

Erin said "But, Trish has one!"

Their mom said " She shouldn't be!"

Trisha said "To late!"

Their mom came to the living room and said "New rule, No soda after 9:00 From now on."

Erin and Trisha said " Aww!"

Trisha said "Really? Mom? Really?"

Their mom said "Yep. If you're gonna be having accidents, This is whats gonna happen."

Erin pouted and went to her room.

Their mom said "You should probably head off to bed to, Trisha. And I'm not doing this to be mean..."

Trisha said sadly " I know, I understand."

She drug her feet to her room.

She was really depressed, now because she was treated like a little kid.

She wanted to cry, But she didn't.

She just flipped the lights off, Got on her phone and texted Amy

"Hm. My mom treats me like a little kid"

Five minutes later

Amy said "y?"

Trisha said " I'm no longer allowed to drink pop after 9 -_-"

Amy said " :( I'd be pretty said too"

Trisha said "Today has just been terrible..."

Amy said "Tell me about it tomorrow if you're not doin anything"

Trisha sad " I'm not, cya."

Amy said "k"

Trisha closed her eyes and fell asleep.

She woke up at like 3:00 am Needing to pee.

She was to lazy to get up. So she just went.

She thought "That wasn't hard, oh. but it does get kinda hot."

She closed her eyes, and instantly fell asleep

She awoke the next morning cold and wet, But she already knew that, Because She intentionally wet her goodnite last night.

Part 5

"Eh.." Trisha said. She got out of bed, Slid off her goodnite. Grabbed a towel, Her bathrobe, A pair of panties, A red skirt, and a yellow t-shirt. And she sneaked to the bathroom to take a shower. She got out of the shower, Blow dried her hair. And it got all over and she decided. "Hmm... I wonder if I'd look good with short hair" She got dressed. Came out of the bathroom and looked at the clock its was 8:14 am. She went back to her room got out her phone, And texted Amy "U alive?"

She had not immediate response, so she cleaned up her room a bit. Until Amy responded "Slightly..."

Trisha responded "lol What u doing today?"

Amy replied " absolutely nothing. at all"

Trisha texted "wnna do somethin?"

Amy replied "why not? want me to pick you up?"

Trisha replied" yes please"

Then Trisha texted her mom (Who was at work at this point.) To let her know she was going with Amy.

A little while later, Amy pulled in to her driveway. Trisha got in. She was pretty silent.

Amy said. "Hey you're not sounding yourself today. Whats the deal?"

Trisha said "It's just... I've been kinda down, Because... Well... You know..." She blushed

Amy said "Stop worrying about it... It happens. It's probably something emotional. When I go through something big, It starts to get bad for a little while."

Trisha said "But... That's the thing... I'm not going through any emotional... Things. I'm perfectly normal. Nothing out of normal."

Amy said "So you think..."

Trisha said "What...?"

Amy said "You might be going through a big emotional thing sub-consciously, Something picking at the back of your brain."

"..."

Amy said "What you wanna do first?"

Trisha said "I was thinking about getting a new hair style."

Amy said "Like what?"

Trisha said "Like short hair. Really short. But not too short. Like... a bit shorter than Erin's"

Amy said "Daring today, are we? Sounds like fun. Lets go."

They went into the hair cutter place (a-ma-bobber) And Trisha got her new hair style.

Amy said "Wow. Looks great on you!."

Trisha said "Yeah, It does."

They payed and everything, And they went to Amy's house.

They walked in all the lights were off. No one was home.

"Amy, Where is everyone?" Trisha said

"My family is off on some road trip. Seemed boring to me, But clearly not to my parents... Or brothers... It's why I'm not doing anything at all today, or for the next week." Amy said.

Trisha said "That explains..."

They went to Amy's room.

Trisha kept looking at herself in the mirror. She looked so different.

Amy said "Want a soda?"

Trisha said "What the hell. Why not?"

4 hours and a couple movies and soda's later

Amy said "Watcha want to watch next?"

Trisha said "Whoa whoa. Hold the phone I gotta go pee. Hold on a minute."

She left the room, and came back a few minutes later.

Trisha said "I'm surprised you haven't had to take a potty break yet. You've drank more soda than me..."

Amy said "About that... I kinda got a confession to make..." She blushed

Trisha said "Hm...?"

Amy tried to say "Um... well. I-I'm kinda..."

Trisha said "What?"

Amy lifted her skirt, and it revealed that, she was wearing a goodnite. 'Protective underwear for night time accidents" Or Bedwetting diapers.

Amy quickly lowered her skirt. Blushing fiercely.

Trisha said awkwardly "O-oh... Well... That explains..."

Amy said "Well... This is kinda awkward. D-do you want one...?"

Trisha didn't know what to say. It didn't really bother her much to wear them. But...

Trisha said "Uuhhh.."

Amy said "Forget that..."

Trisha said "Sure. Why not...?"

Amy reached for her dresser , And pulled one out. And handed it to Trisha.

She walked to the bathroom and put it on, And came back, eventually, it was less awkward, And they ended up watching movies until 11:00 pm.

Trisha looked at the clock and said "Damn we watched movies all day..."

Amy asked Trisha "You spending the night?"

Trisha said "I pretty much have to now" She said smiling.

Amy said "You need pajama's?"

Trisha said "Just bottoms will work."

"Okay" Amy said.

Amy went out of the room, and came back with pajama bottoms, and a pink sleeping bag.

They both went to sleep.

Part 6

Trisha walked down the hallway at school, She was desperate to use the bathroom. Everyone was staring at her, She felt herself blushing. The hall seemed endless. Everyone was bumping into her, and mumbling and whispering to each other "Make'er pee herself!" Then she ran into her crush, And fell on her butt. And He stared at her. She couldn't look anywhere. She closed er eyes. She couldn't hold it any longer. She lost control of her bladder in front of everyone they all laughed even the teachers. Her crush stared shook his head, Walked away and laughed. She was crying nonstop. She was in pure shock. And then someone dropped their books and the were going to hit Trisha...

And then she awoke with a major jolt. Tears in her eyes, Heavy breathing, cold sweats. She laid back, as everything came back to her. She was still crying, And she thought really hard about it. And none of it happened. It had to be around 7:30 am.

Amy looked down from her bed at Trisha. "You alright?" Amy said groggily

Trisha said "Yeah... I'm fine."

Amy said "Why were you crying?"

"No..." Trisha said in a feeble lie.

"Yeah you were..." Amy said.

"Fine, I had a bad dream, Okay? I don't want to talk about it." Trisha said

Amy said "Okay... You sound terrible... You look... Sick?"

Trisha got up and went to the bathroom. And of course. Her goodnite was indeed wet. Not to her surprise. Because she had an accident in her dream. She looked in the mirror and she was indeed pale, and looked ill.

She went back to Amy's room and said "Ya know... I think I need to head home... I'm not feeling wonderful." They went to Amy's car. Amy took Trisha home. The entire ride was completely silent.

When Trisha got home she drank some water because she was highly dehydrated.

The she went to her room and flopped on the bed. She woke up around 3 hours later. and she needed to pee. But she was really dizzy. So she got a goodnite, and but it on. And almost instantly fell asleep.

Trisha walked down the hallway at school, She was desperate to use the bathroom. Everyone was staring at her, She felt herself blushing. The hall seemed endless. Everyone was bumping into her, and mumbling and whispering to each other "Make'er pee herself!" Then she ran into her crush, And fell on her butt. And He stared at her. She couldn't look anywhere. She closed er eyes. She couldn't hold it any longer. She lost control of her bladder in front of everyone they all laughed even the teachers. Her crush stared shook his head, Walked away and laughed. She was crying nonstop. She was in pure shock. And then someone dropped their books and the were going to hit Trisha...

And then she awoke with a major jolt. Tears in her eyes, Heavy breathing, cold sweats. She laid back, as everything came back to her. She was still crying, And she thought really hard about it. And none of it happened. It had to be around 7:30 am.

Amy looked down from her bed at Trisha. "You alright?" Amy said groggily

Trisha said "Yeah... I'm fine."

Amy said "Why were you crying?"

"No..." Trisha said in a feeble lie.

"Yeah you were..." Amy said.

"Fine, I had a bad dream, Okay? I don't want to talk about it." Trisha said

Amy said "Okay... You sound terrible... You look... Sick?"

Trisha got up and went to the bathroom. And of course. Her goodnite was indeed wet. Not to her surprise. Because she had an accident in her dream. She looked in the mirror and she was indeed pale, and looked ill.

She went back to Amy's room and said "Ya know... I think I need to head home... I'm not feeling wonderful." They went to Amy's car. Amy took Trisha home. The entire ride was completely silent.

When Trisha got home she drank some water because she was highly dehydrated.

The she went to her room and flopped on the bed. She woke up around 3 hours later. and she needed to pee. But she was really dizzy. So she got a goodnite, and but it on. And almost instantly fell asleep.

Part 7

She found herself jolting awake to a phone ringing. She looked at her cellphone. It was a Saturday, 10:36 am. She jumped out of bed, and ran for the house phone. She groggily said: "Hello?"

A male voice said: "Hiya! S'been a while. No?"

Trisha said "Johnathan?!" (Her older brother. Mentioned in Pt. 1 In case you forgot.)

Johnathan said "Well. First of all. You don't need to call me 'Johnathan' How 'bout 'John'?"

Trisha said "Okay. Well whats up?"

John said "Well. Dad wants to know if you and Erin want to come over to Utah for a week or two."

Trisha said "Sounds great to me!"

John said "Dad already talked to Mom, She's alright with it."

Trisha said "Will we go when school is over?"

John said "The day it ends."

Trisha said " So...? did you know it ended on Wednesday?"

John said "Mom told me."

Trisha said "Alright! Well. I'll tell Erin. And We'll get ready."

John said "Okay. Bye!"

Trisha said "Bye!"

She hung the phone up and walked to Erin's room and said "Hey Erin. We are going to Dad's on Wednesday after school."

Erin said "Cool!"

Trisha walked back to her room. Sat on her bed, And realized when she sat down. Her goodnite was wet.

So she stood up slid off her pajamas and goodnite, And put on her bath robe and took a shower. Came out and put on a pair of pink panties, Pink shorts, and white shirt.

Part 8 *Warning* Messing scene. Skip it if you wish. This is not going to happen very often.

She left the bathroom went out to the living room and Erin was just sitting on the couch watching TV in her pajamas.

"Are you going to do anything productive today?" Trisha said

"Probably not.." Erin said

"Well, I think I'm gonna go to Amy's today." Trisha said.

"Can you fend for yourself?" Trisha continued

"Yeah... Yeah." Erin replied uninterested

(Switching to Erin, This is what happens when it switches to another character in the story, This doesn't happen often)

Trisha had made a phone call in the kitchen.

Erin looked back and shrugged

15 minutes passed and Amy came and picked up Trisha

Erin sighed in relief

Got up and paced around a while. She was still in her pajamas and wet goodnite. She was debating that entire time. She wanted to try messing her goodnite, because she already sort of like wearing and wetting them. She wanted to try messing to see what it was like. But she wasn't sure.

As she was pacing she had to go pee, because she wet her goodnite last night, she had to go again. So she just let go. It was on the verge of leaking now.

She was still debating about messing and the pacing made her have to go pretty badly. She was still indecisive. It started to come out, and thought " Oh. What the hell." and filled her goodnite. She couldn't believe what she had just done. It was too late now. She had a mess in her pants. A big one. And she walked casually off the the bathroom and cleaned up.

(Switching back to Trisha)

They arrived at Amy's house.

"Hey, are your folks still out of town?" Trisha asked

"Yeah. They'll be out of town 'til Tuesday" Amy replied

Trisha grinned "Can I stay over night?" Trisha asked

Amy replied "I think we both know that answer" and she grinned as well

They giggle for a while

They went inside and went straight for Amy's room

Trisha wanted Amy to ask her if they should wear goodnites. She stood silent for a while.

"You alright?" Amy asked

Trisha snapped out of it "Oh sorry. I-"

"You-" Amy said

"Nothing" Trisha lied

They sat around silent for a while

Amy broke the ice "Do you... Want a... goodnite?" She asked shyly

"I thought you'd never ask" Trisha said

Amy went to her dresser and got out 2 goodnites and handed one to Trisha.

Trisha said "Well in you don't mind. I have to go 'use the bathroom' I'll be right back"

Trisha went into the bathroom and unbuttoned her pink shorts and slid off her pink panties. unfolded the diaper and pulled it up.

Left the bathroom with no pants and went into Amy's room, She was in the midst of changing, but she didn't mind.

"My shorts won't fit over this" Trisha said

Amy handed Trisha a pair of fuzzy pajama pants.

"Lets go watch a movie. On the *big* living room screen" Amy said

"Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Quit bragging about you big TV..." Trisha said annoyed

Amy laughed

Amy went and got some Sprites from her fridge and said. "Let's see who can hold the longest" She said daringly

They drank their sodas as fast as they could and sat around watching movies.

Half way through the first movie Trisha started having to go. As did Amy.

They finished their first movie. Trisha was around 3/10 and Amy was 2.5/10

Amy went and got more Sprites and through in another movie. Amy drank her's faster thank Trisha. Half way through that movie Trisha was 6.5/10 and Amy was 6/10. They finished that movie. Amy was 8.5/10 and Trisha was 8/10.

"Ooooh I gotta go really bad! You?" Amy said

"Yeah. I think I'm going to lose it soon." Trisha replied

They both stood up and were holding on.

A half hour passed and they were both on the verge of wetting Amy 9.5/10 and Trisha 9/10.

They were both cross legged a few more minutes passed Amy 9.8/10 and Trisha was 9.7/10

"Oooohh.. No, no no, NO!..." Amy couldn't hold on any longer. She lost it.

"Oooo Yay! I- I won!" Trisha cheered

And then she wet too. She lost control of her bladder

"Oh no! it's leaking!!!" Amy said as she ran for her room

Trisha tried holding on to what she had left so she would leak either. One her way to Amy's room she slipped and fell and lost control again and began to leak. She gave up. Her aching bladder wouldn't cooperate. even when she stood up. She finished peeing. and leaked in her fuzzy pajama pants and all over the floor.

She got to Amy's room and said. "Well. That was pretty fun, Even if we did leak everywhere."

"Yeah. We should do that again sometime.

They just changed and cleaned up and went and talked and watched TV. End of Part 8

*002*2014-03-05 05:25

{{: 

I'm glad you are starting this back up, I'm still a fan of this story and the latest chapter is rather well done. Good luck in continuing this story!

}}

I'm glad you like it. I haven't been able to work on it for a while, as I said. But I'll try to get on as much as possible.

*005*2014-03-16 02:15

{{: 

Sooo happy to see this is back and love the new chapter! Hope this is continued!

}}

Oh. This will absolutely be continued. I'm working on it.

