The Interpreter

Author: maxmoliere

*000*2015-08-22 14:04

Here is a story I wrote titled "The Interpreter".

The story is about an interpreter at a conference that has consumed one too many coffees and desperately needs relief - too bad she is running late!

I have a few other stories that I have written based on the same character (different travails, of course).

Let me know what you think!

- Max Moliere

###

The Interpreter

Stephanie was under a lot of financial stress, trying to find work as an interpreter in busy Paris, a place already chock full of people fluent in many languages. Speaking German (and none too perfectly) turned out to be quite common in France and it had been weeks since her last callback. She was supplementing her meager income working in a pastry shop, but was still about to lose her apartment for lack of rent money. Then, out of the blue, an international non-profit hired her to be the interpreter for a conference presentation. They explained that their regular interpreter had left suddenly, and that a permanent position in Paris, for monthly conferences might be available; if she did well during this conference, she would be hired back and they would see how things went from there.

On the day of the conference, she wore grey cotton full-back knickers, with white stockings under a heavy knee-length grey skirt, white blouse and frumpy blazer. A pair of open-toed high heels finished off the ensemble.

“Very professional and yet invisible! Not flashy, but professional enough for the organizers to notice! And even some may think a bit on the sexy side!” she thought to her mirror, pleased.

She grabbed a bagel and a pair of espressos at the café in the train station and started the long train ride from her suburban garret to the convention hall downtown. Once on the train, she immediately visited the beverage car, ordering her usual extra large coffee with cream and sugar; she was feeling hoarse and bought a liter of Perrier to bring with her to the conference. She finished off both beverages during her two hour trip (mostly spent reviewing her German dictionary for communication-related words and trying to stay awake) relishing the Perrier and remarking to herself that “the French are so refined even their water is better than everyone else!”

The normally two hour train ride took forty minutes longer – the train ahead was experiencing mechanical problems – and Stephanie already felt that a visit the ladies room was probably in order. She hurried to the beverage car, but saw a long line around the tiny train WC, and as the train had started moving, she thought, “it really isn’t bad, I’ll go before the conference – they will have nicer restrooms there anyway.”

When she got off the train, she found herself in a station with which she had no familiarity, unsure in which direction the convention hall lay. She walked a quarter of a mile in the wrong direction before finding her bearings and turning around. She rued the high heels as she walked briskly back the way she came along the uneven cobblestone street, trying desperately to make it to the conference on time, as she knew that it would ruin her chances of getting a follow-up job (let alone a permanent position) if the speaker was delayed on her account and everyone forced to wait (or be unable to understand the speaker for lack of a translator, which would be even worse).

With a minute to spare she raced up the stairs in front of the convention hall. Thoughts of a restroom were far away from her thoughts as she confronted Mlle. Pinochet, the conference manager, at the top of the stairs pointing at her watch and giving her a look that told her she was already in trouble.

“When I say the conference begins at 4 pm, and be there an hour early, I expect you to be there at 3. It is now less than five-minutes-to-four, there is no time to explain anything in detail. Follow me!” said Mlle. Pinochet, curtly.

Stephanie followed Mlle. Pinochet up the stairs to the hall. The interpreter’s booth was near the back of the conference hall, open to the audience if they turned around. A high chair with a hard leather top and back were in the booth, along with a cheap oriental carpet; a single light overhead kept her visible, probably to make the conference look more impressively international – there was no reason she could not do this job from a booth behind stage, but conference organizers thought it looked impressive for some reason.

She sat on the stool and put on the head piece and microphone, which was directly wired to the headphones used by the audience members via jacks at each of their tables, so they could hear her translate the speaker in real-time.

“You will translate the MC for the first 20 minutes or so and then the first speaker. After the first speaker, there will be an intermission – find me in the conference hall office after. First floor right.” Mlle. Pinochet relayed, without emotion.

As Stephanie sat down she remembered suddenly her entirely full bladder and her now strong desire to visit the ladies room.

“Madamoiselle Pinochet, would it be possible for me to visit the ladies room real quick before the conference begins so that I may freshen up. I will only be a few minutes”, said Stephanie, professionally and without a hint that she really needed to go quite urgently. She prided herself on her composure and maintained a professional demeanor at all times. “she would certainly never in a million years guess how desperate I actually am to go, my face betrays nothing that I do not want it to!” she thought to herself haughtily, impressed by her own self-control and natural poise.

“There is now no time, the MC is walking to the podium now” Mlle. Pinochet whispered sharply, as the audience grew quiet and the lights dimmed over the hall.

“But madam!” whispered Stephanie, sharp and crisp, and now suddenly aware of a crackling in her headpiece, as the microphone went live just after her final plea.

“Next time get here earlier!” said Mlle. Pinochet in a crisp goodbye, turning to head off to her office to watch the conference on the video feed and manage the speakers, annoyed that the translator had taken up her valuable and limited time.

Stephanie turned and faced the conference, beginning her translation with the speaker's introduction, during which he thanked the conference staff and even specifically named Stephanie as the translator (obviously reading from a card and butchering the pronunciation of her difficult middle eastern last name), at which time the audience swung around and acknowledged her in her lighted booth, before again turning en masse to look at the podium.

Translating is generally hard work, especially for Stephanie with her less-than-perfect German. But the MC was clear and easy to understand.

“I got this. This conference will be a breeze and they are paying me $2500 for a single day with more work to come!” she thought excitedly. Followed immediately by, “But I really do need to pee, I wish I had used the restroom…how long did she say the MC would speak? 20 minutes? And then the main speaker – how long will he be? It cannot be longer than 40 minutes! I will go to the ladies at intermission. I’ve been in tougher situations than this.”

Stephanie was bored by the first 15 minutes of the MCs remarks; other than the unexpected introduction, it was pablum about how great the organization organizing the conference was, fundraising goals achieved, etc. Very droll.

But then the speaker said something which piqued her interest.

“We will now lay out some of the technical aspects of our presentation equipment available here so that speakers in the audience can be ready for their group sessions, which will be held in the East Bay conference hall, rooms 17 through 30. After we dispense with the technical overview, Professor Zeissman, our keynote speaker will deliver the opening, finishing just before 530. We will then break for intermission and follow up with dinner and the remaining speakers until about 9 pm. Please enjoy the complimentary beverages and remember to have your parking ticket validated….”

The MC droned on, but Stephanie was now nervous.

Professor Zeissman would speak for a full hour after the MC? “I already need to go right now! A full hour! That will be a difficult feat!”

She grimaced visually as she translated the words, thankfully unseen to anyone but the MC, who was not paying attention to her at all.

She was now entirely all-too aware of her very full bladder. The wool of her skirt had stretched to accommodate the growing bulge in her abdomen. She continued translating, stifling the discomfort.

She crossed her legs defiantly, showing maximum composure, appearing to pay full attention to her translating responsibilities and doing so without betraying even a hint of discomfort - the consummate professional.

But still the MC droned on. Now nearly 20 minutes had gone by already and he was still going on about the technical limitations of the conference room computers.

Stephanie was forced to uncross her legs to give her still-growing bladder room to extend, she moved to the edge of her seat, one foot forward of the other, bobbing against her chair. She struggled to translate the difficult technical jargon correctly, aware of how obvious a mistranslation would be to her tech savvy listeners.

But still her mind was wandering back to her urgent need to use the restroom, and she missed a few words. At this point she knew she could hold it in, but translating needs concentration and she was aware that she was getting distracted by her… personal situation.

As the translation wandered into computer-speak, Stephanie focused fully on the translation, allowing her feet to splay apart momentarily as she struggled to keep focus. She twisted her ankles nervously. Then she started arching her feet, subconsciously and not at all aware of what she was doing.

“All conference computers utilize Windows NTFS floppy…file drive systems…as primary operating disk systems. Formats. but which are compatible with MacOS file systems when used with the provided Wet….”

She stumbled. So distracted had she become following the translation that her control slipped. Immediately she was aware of it, crossing her legs quickly and stemming the flow. But there was no doubt what had happened – Stephanie had suffered a very small leak. During a momentary lapse of concentration, a few milliliters had trickled out - much less than a shot glass worth, but still undeniable. She was immediately thankful for her cotton knickers, which soaked up the entire mess without much effort. Had one been able to survey the damage, they would merely see a small dark patch - the size of a quarter - on the front of her cotton panties, barely enough to betray her little accident.

“…WetJet Converter Pro software package.” She finished.

She continued her translation, keeping her composure and looking not at the podium, but at the audience, to see if anyone had noticed. She was convinced that nobody had noticed anything of her slip up. But then she noticed a short, spectacled man in a handsome suit, probably in his early thirties or so, watching her from a dark corner table to her far right. Why was he watching her? Had he noticed, or was he just looking for the source of the obvious technical mistranslations and the awkward pause?

She did not have time to ponder the man in the shadows much, as her mind continued to focus on her now partially burst bladder. She tightened her thighs together, thankful that the small accident had been stemmed in time.

She put one hand up on her bladder, the other resting on her knee, and powered through the remainder of the MC’s remarks and the introduction to Professor Zeissman. During the pause and long applause from the audience as the professor mounted the stage to the podium, Stephanie pondered her predicament.

Her thick cotton panties may have prevented any public hinting of her little accident, but the tiny wet patch between her legs had sapped her confidence. Her now moistened cotton gusset could only hold so much – what if she had been a few seconds later mustering control? What then?

“But I wasn’t. I was in control nearly the entire time. Only for a moment did my concentration slip and then I was right back in control again” thought Stephanie, biting her lower lip.'

Professor Zeissman took the stage and Stephanie began translating again. His speech was more difficult to understand, and she needed full attention to prevent falling behind. But there were long pauses for applause and to operate the slideshow presentation he was giving.

Stephanie was already struggling to maintain composure, but the pauses were something she had not planned for. Each time, she was given a break of 30 seconds or so, her mind rushed to her overfull bladder, reviewing the many beverages she consumed over the course of the morning.

Half of one espresso was now in her panties, the rest next in line straining her tight-clenched labia, her small hole pinched closed by the pressure of her thighs and the force of her will. The extra large coffee was now sitting in her abdomen, forcing her wool skirt to stretch to its limit.

She prided herself on her professional demeanor and total composure.

“Just an hour to go. I can manage…because I just have to.”

These thoughts coursed through her head. And suddenly, the realization. What of the bottle of Perrier?!

She had forgotten, but her body had not. At this moment her bladder was filling to its last, her kidneys aching for the space to send the rest. She realized that thighs alone would not stem what was coming – her hand moved to her bare thigh.

She continued the translation, aware that hard as she squeezed, the pressure on her little round opening and her taught, rapidly tiring sphincter muscle was still growing. She put the heel of her hand against the hole and troopered on. it would have to hold.

But it just wasn’t working. Maybe it was the carbonation in the Perrier, maybe the translation – whatever it was, her control was waning. Suddenly, she felt a contraction, her sphincter muscle began to spasm uncontrollably, she felt her labia dampen as a squirt came out – then another. And then two more.

Lest she lost control entirely she moved to the edge of her seat, pushing the hard edge of the corner up from behind to bar her spasming little hole. She managed to block the flow – but only just barely.

Four squirts was the remainder of the first espresso plus the entirety of the second. The gusset of her panties was overwhelmed and only the absorbing action of her panties saved her from public exposure. A wet spot the size of a queue ball soaked her crotch, the full backs covering her ample derriere were now soaked through.

Twice she had lost control, the second time not from lapse of concentration – indeed it occurred, mercifully, during applause – but from her weakened will.

She started translating again, knowing now that she was in big trouble.

She put her hand up her skirt, desperate to regain control as she continued to power through the difficult translation.

But she was no longer haughty. She knew now that the situation was desperate.

“Has anyone noticed?” she wondered, noticing that the bespectacled man from the shadows whom she had seen before appeared to be watching her intently. She looked up at the clock, aware that she did not look entirely professional doing so.

She was both wet and desperate now, and her translation was increasingly shoddy. At the next break for applause, her only thoughts were on her situation.

“I need a toilet. Now. Please, I just need a toilet! That is all I am asking!” her eyes begged the stranger in the audience, now openly watching her none-too-private struggle.

She looked down as she started back in on the translation, watching only the floor while she spoke the words as clear as possible.

Her hand was now all the way up her skirt, pressed against her soaking drawers.

This was it. She knew now that she had almost no chance. She should have run now and feigned illness, accepting the firing in exchange for sitting down on some cold white porcelain and releasing her gallons of pent up urine. But she did not.

Her struggle continued, still private, since she was still translating, but increasingly it was evident to all in the audience that the translator was not quite right – maybe she was a little tipsy? They really shouldn’t let staff drink before these type of presentations…

Stephanie was in agony. With two-and-a-half hours, her bladder was now full with 24 oz of coffee and 34 oz of water, a total of 54 oz; she was closing in on a half gallon with nowhere to go. At least not counting her already soaked gusset - which could take an ounce more… maybe two?

She leaned forward, struggling now on two fronts – she struggled with the translation at the same time her thighs were quivering for release, her finger most inappropriately shoved up against her pee hole to hold back the inevitable. The last pint was delivered to her overfilled bladder. She suddenly realized that she desperately needed those two ounces.

“It’s better that it happens by my own volition. I can control it that way, keep the damage to a minimum. I’ll just relieve the pressure a little until I reach the toilet. Two ounces will buy me at least 10 minutes. And nobody will notice such a small amount in this dim light” she bargained with herself.

Stephanie glanced at the clock near the podium. 4:40. Twenty minutes to go. Ten minutes could make all the difference.

So began a dangerous, desperate controlled released – only two ounces, maybe three. She began by just removing her hand from her crotch. She calmly called out the last line before a pause for a change of slides.

Stephanie prided herself on her ability to maintain control, and this controlled release was to be no different. Nobody would even know, and she would gain the relief she desperately needed.

“…and as you can see from chart A16, bridging……ahhh, the digital divide requires the transformation of conventional media modalities.”

She sighed after “bridging”, as she opened her dam and let out a little bit. Slowly her panties moistened, as if she had sat in a puddle. She continued translating, occasionally pausing and breathing noticeably heavily.

And then she cut it off, tightening the muscle and cutting off the flow, she pushed her thighs together and put both hands up her skirt. All hands on deck.

The man in glasses was staring at her boldly, a sly smile on his face. She could not see his eyes, but they were on her and she knew it. She was acutely aware of her predicament - that the tops of her stockings were visible, and that she had both hands up in her crotch, her pale white thighs, full and curvy, exposed for anyone to see.

Stephanie had dearly purchased her 10 minutes. The pint of Perrier was now entirely in her bladder and she could feel a cold drip on the backs of her thighs. The last accident, however intentional, had soaked her bottom thoroughly and directly into her skirt. The rest was deflected down by the hard leather chair to her thighs, soaking into the tops of her stockings – just enough absorption to save the carpet.

The man in the spectacles moved closer and stared at her intently from the shadow on her right, standing now, a cigarette in one hand. Her eyes fell to his black, shell cordovan shoes, finely crafted, obviously expensive.

The speaker continued and Stephanie bit her lower lip, trembling, desperately trying to translate but missing entire sentences.

“I can’t hold it any longer! I need a toilet! NOW! Emergency! Emergency!” screamed her brain. Her arms went to her sides as she held her thighs together to fend it off, now at the very edge of her seat.

To her credit, she gave it a noble try. But in the end, the inevitable happened.

“….and so, a huge quantity of data is effectively stored in a very small space….::cough::....excuse me”, Stephanie said irregularly. The thought of small space gave her a pause, she coughed as she felt a moistening, quickly shut off with much effort.

“….in a very small space, ah, which ah, confines the data into a streaming... ah, into streaming data. “ When she mouthed the word “streaming” she lost it for about five seconds. A torrent let loose, streaming down the seat and hitting the floor at her heels, noticeably. The spectacled man in the shadow smiled on.

“”Free from the constraints of traditional limitations on speed and volume ahhh, download….ah, they can ah, that is, one…” she made it only a little further before losing control again, wetting for a full ten seconds of awkward pauses and barely audible (but still audible) sighs and moans.

“…one can imagine the full benefits of streaming data to listen at any point, whether in the car, at the office, or even from the bathroom ………. ahhhhhhmmmnnn! Even from, ummm, even from the bathroom toilet ...I can’t, umm, ohhhhh!”

This was it – when she heard it in German, she had no chance to translate “bathroom toilet”. In that moment, every last defense gave way – her thighs opened, her labia quivered and split, and her hole, holding on by sheer willpower, was utterly shattered by a single word. The tortured little hole opened up and a stream came out, full and strong. In an instant her skirt was soaked; two pints streamed down and fell to the floor in a loud torrent.

Stephanie was humiliated. She got up, turned around and faced the wall as the torrent became an uncontrollable river, the headphones fell down, now picking up the rush of pee whizzing out of her under such pressure. She soaked everything.

There was no thought of stopping now. People turned around and pointed, some laughed and others cried out. Stephanie peed and peed, not even considering stopping once she was broken – a long, uninterrupted stream followed for nearly a minute, soaking the back of her skirt while she panted and apologized.

“I’m sorry. Ahh…mmmm! Yeahhhh. I couldn’t hold it….I, uh, mnnnnnnn, really needed the restroom, but, ah..mmnnn, ok, good, ok, yeah. I ..I’m sorry.”

The man in the spectacles kept his phone up the entire time, taking in the scene to enjoy again later perhaps. Then he put out his cigarette and he was gone.

Stephanie stopped peeing and jumped out of the booth running for the bathroom, humiliated. She would not get the long term job she had hoped for, indeed her adventures in Paris were now over.

